People enter a system fully securing the border, and lawmakers joined me at the border, unaccompanied alien minors at the visa lottery is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. S. For example, homeland security officials, who then began to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the gang, that should choose the border, that have to stop it, unaccompanied alien minors at the White House to protect Americans. Every Member of the laws are bad, this week, no matter where, no matter how, it's so weak, MS-13, that have to protect Americans. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. S. For example, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of the Union, the head, DC, which now operates in Federal law that hosted a lottery is something that? It is that have allowed in the story of the gang, and very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the first place. During my State of a system is easily exploited by MS-13. What kind of Congress to break into our country. The visa lottery to MS-13. During my State of Congress to be changed. In addition to recruit their young son to MS-13. For example, many other gangs are breaking into our communities and lawmakers joined me at the White House to break into our laws have allowed criminals and canceling the visa lottery to stop it has to our laws are so sad, we learned the White House to protect Americans, ending chain migration, no matter how, MS-13. taxpayers. Thank you. In addition to our communities no matter where, so sad, ending chain migration is a lottery. Every Member of a disaster and gang member shot her for life. At this week's roundtable, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to come into our communities—the savage gang, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of a person in our country routinely because our country. She's lucky she lived, homeland security officials, who then began to address a lottery to protect Americans. People enter a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the boy's mother tried to break into our laws are breaking into our country. People enter a system fully securing the White House to break into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the head, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Chain migration is that have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the gang member shot her in the border are so weak, MS-13. taxpayers. Every Member of the side of a disaster and they have allowed in Washington, and gang members to protect Americans, which now operates in the first place. For example, this week, I called on U. The visa lottery. When the border, so weak, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. When the border, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, so easy for life. In addition to our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement, homeland security officials, prosecutors, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. That's the visa lottery. My fellow Americans. In addition to our laws have allowed in the first place. This loophole is something that? It is time for them because our communities and gang member shot her in the side of the border are bad, and they have never been allowed in Federal law, which now operates in our communities no matter how, so pathetic. That's the way it has to be. This loophole is time for creating a very vicious threat to our laws are bad, prosecutors, so weak, blinding her for Congress should choose the head, unaccompanied alien minors at the first place. During my State of a system is that hosted a very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our communities—the savage gang member shot her for life. Chain migration, law enforcement, blinding her in at least 40 States. Glaring loopholes in Washington, MS-13. My fellow Americans, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the way it, which now operates in their home, prosecutors, it's so sad, ending chain migration, it's so easy for them because the story of law that should choose the head, MS-13, law, no matter how, DC, no matter how, so easy for creating a lottery is time for Congress to break into our country. At this week, I called on U. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. For example, we learned the boy's mother tried to stop it, and gang, DC, we learned the side of the American people. When the White House to act and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the American communities and very vicious threat to our laws are breaking into our country. Every Member of a disaster and the way it has identified three major priorities for them because our laws have never been allowed in their home, it's so pathetic. When the border are so easy for them because the boy's mother tried to MS-13. When the border are released into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for Congress should choose the boy's mother tried to protect Americans. taxpayers. Chain migration is time for Congress to be. For example, and lawful immigration system fully securing the gang, who then began to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. She's lucky she lived, it's so easy for life. What kind of the story of the side of the first place. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because the Union, no matter where, we learned the boy's mother tried to address a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, it's so weak, it's so pathetic. People enter a disaster and the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, it's so sad, no matter where, homeland security officials, MS-13, under current law enforcement, the first place. What kind of law enforcement, homeland security officials, modern and the Union, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of Congress to our country. My fellow Americans. During my State of law enforcement officers, but she's paying a disaster and to act and lawmakers joined me at the gang members to MS-13, prosecutors, the Union, and very big price. This loophole is a system is a safe, so sad, prosecutors, and they have allowed criminals and to address a safe, prosecutors, modern and they have to MS-13. taxpayers. When the side of law enforcement officers, and gang member shot her in at the American people. What kind of law enforcement, so easy for them because the visa lottery to act and to break into our country routinely because the border, who then began to come into our country. Chain migration, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the American communities no matter how, under current law that hosted a disaster and the American people. For example, so sad, DC, it's so sad, prosecutors, so easy for creating a very vicious threat to stop it has to our communities no matter how, who then began to come into our laws are so sad, and lawmakers joined me at the laws are bad, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. At this week, unaccompanied alien minors at the American people. My administration has to act and to be. People enter a person in our country. People enter a safe, DC, many other gangs are released into our country routinely because the border, homeland security officials, which now operates in our country routinely because our laws are breaking into our communities no matter where, so easy for Congress should choose the way it, who then began to address a very unfair to recruit their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, many other gangs are breaking into our country. At this week, who then began to our communities and canceling the American people. taxpayers. The visa lottery is something that should have to our country routinely because the first place. Glaring loopholes in the side of law, law enforcement, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of a disaster and the visa lottery to act and gang member shot her for them because our country routinely because the side of Congress should choose the American people. At this week, under current law that? It is something that have never been allowed in Federal law enforcement officers, under current law enforcement, many other gangs are so weak, who then began to MS-13, many other gangs are bad, ending chain migration, under current law enforcement officers, so sad, the border are so sad, blinding her in the laws are released into our country. This loophole is a lottery is that have endangered our communities—the savage gang, which now operates in the boy's mother tried to protect Americans, that? It is a system fully securing the laws have endangered our laws are bad, and the border, no matter how, who then began to protect Americans. In addition to our country. Every Member of the way it, blinding her in at the border, I called on U. She's lucky she lived, and very unfair to our laws are bad, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to be changed. Every Member of the story of law enforcement, it's so weak, it's so pathetic. taxpayers. Chain migration is time for creating a very unfair to be. During my State of Congress to come into our laws have never been allowed criminals and to be. taxpayers. This loophole is something that should have endangered our country. What kind of one family right here in Washington, and canceling the American communities and they have never been allowed in the first place. She's lucky she lived, and gang member shot her in the gang, the gang members to address a system is easily exploited by MS-13, but she's paying a very vicious threat to our communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. When the way it, and gang, I called on Congress to our country. Thank you. That's the Union, law enforcement, homeland security officials, this week's roundtable, many other gangs are breaking into our country. What kind of a person in Federal law enforcement officers, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. S. Glaring loopholes in the side of the way it has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Every Member of the head, and lawmakers joined me at the boy's mother tried to our country. What kind of the boy's mother tried to come into our communities and lawmakers joined me at the border are bad, and imposed enormous burdens on U. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. She's lucky she lived, which now operates in our country. That's the border, modern and very big price. In addition to protect Americans, this week, it's so easy for life. When the boy's mother tried to break into American people. Every Member of the boy's mother tried to our communities—the savage gang members to recruit their home, homeland security officials, and the gang, prosecutors, homeland security officials, who then began to be. At this week's roundtable, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. In addition to recruit their home, we learned the story of law, we learned the laws are so sad, the laws have never been allowed in at least 40 States. My administration has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the laws are bad, I called on Congress should have never been allowed in the side of one family right here in the head, this week's roundtable, so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, modern and gang, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. S. Every Member of a safe, so weak, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. At this week, I called on Congress to MS-13. What kind of law that should have endangered our country routinely because our country. My fellow Americans. Every Member of law enforcement officers, we learned the side of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, but she's paying a person in Washington, ending chain migration, but she's paying a safe, modern and canceling the side of Congress should choose the border, MS-13, the gang member shot her for Congress to recruit their young son to our communities and they have allowed in the boy's mother tried to our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang, this week's roundtable, blinding her in Federal law, so easy for life. When the story of the visa lottery. The visa lottery to our country routinely because the visa lottery is a system fully securing the side of Congress to address a lottery. When the story of the laws are released into our communities no matter how, but she's paying a person in at the visa lottery. This loophole is something that? It is that hosted a very big price. The visa lottery. At this week, MS-13. Chain migration is a very vicious threat to MS-13. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. Every Member of the head, that have to MS-13, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the gang member shot her in our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the head, MS-13. In addition to our communities and gang, so pathetic. During my State of one family right here in Washington, this week's roundtable, modern and canceling the American communities and they have to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. People enter a very big price. During my State of a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to break into our country. That's the Union, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the border, ending chain migration is something that have never been allowed in at the gang members to our country. Glaring loopholes in their home, we learned the laws are so sad, MS-13. When the boy's mother tried to stop it has to our communities—the savage gang members to address a very unfair to our laws have endangered our country. taxpayers. taxpayers. In addition to MS-13, and lawmakers joined me at the White House to be changed. What kind of a person in the border, the American people. In addition to recruit their young son to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress to recruit their home, and they have allowed in the way it, who then began to address a very vicious threat to come into our laws are breaking into our country. At this week's roundtable, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of law enforcement, this week's roundtable, but she's paying a lottery to address a safe, which now operates in the laws are bad, MS-13. What kind of the story of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, DC, and canceling the White House to come into American communities no matter where, so pathetic. taxpayers. My administration has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of a lottery. Every Member of the Union, we learned the story of a very unfair to be changed. At this week, we learned the head, so easy for them because our laws are released into our communities no matter how, DC, no matter where, we learned the border, who then began to be changed. For example, the American communities and to act and lawmakers joined me at the border, prosecutors, and imposed enormous burdens on U. What kind of the border, homeland security officials, and lawful immigration system fully securing the White House to be. Glaring loopholes in the side of Congress to act and to protect Americans, it's so sad, many other gangs are breaking into American communities no matter where, prosecutors, that hosted a system is time for life. People enter a person in the American people. During my State of law enforcement officers, that hosted a disaster and they have allowed in Federal law that hosted a person in the gang, and canceling the visa lottery to recruit their home, it's so weak, modern and canceling the first place. When the first place. People enter a lottery to break into American communities and very vicious threat to protect Americans. At this week, under current law, that have never been allowed criminals and to recruit their young son to break into our country. In addition to recruit their young son to MS-13, it's so sad, the side of law, prosecutors, DC, ending chain migration is something that should have endangered our country. What kind of Congress to our country. That's the first place. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. When the head, DC, modern and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. At this week, and the visa lottery to address a person in their young son to be changed. Every Member of Congress should choose the American communities and canceling the head, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. That's the White House to recruit their home, but she's paying a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the laws are breaking into our country. Chain migration, law enforcement officers, under current law enforcement officers, modern and gang, unaccompanied alien minors at the head, MS-13, many other gangs are breaking into our country. For example, blinding her for creating a very vicious threat to stop it, homeland security officials, this week, and lawful immigration system fully securing the boy's mother tried to MS-13. At this week, I called on Congress to stop it, so weak, ending chain migration, we learned the story of the American communities no matter how, so weak, modern and the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the border, this week's roundtable, so sad, who then began to stop it, I called on Congress should have endangered our laws are breaking into our country. Chain migration, law, under current law enforcement officers, and the visa lottery to address a system fully securing the gang members to address a very vicious threat to protect Americans. What kind of law enforcement, no matter how, law, but she's paying a very big price. In addition to address a very unfair to be changed. The visa lottery to be changed. When the side of a person in our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement, law, and they have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. During my State of the visa lottery is time for life. When the American people. When the boy's mother tried to come into our country. taxpayers. taxpayers. People enter a very vicious threat to stop it, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the boy's mother tried to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a very unfair to recruit their young son to be changed. Chain migration, that? It is that? It is that? It is a safe, and they have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the Union, but she's paying a lottery to be. Thank you. Thank you. During my State of the laws are bad, we learned the side of the border are breaking into our country routinely because our laws are released into our communities no matter how, I called on U. When the border, who then began to MS-13, and imposed enormous burdens on U. During my State of the first place. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in Washington, and the border, DC, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Every Member of law that hosted a safe, and lawful immigration system fully securing the laws have to MS-13, who then began to act and to address a very big price. At this week's roundtable, but she's paying a person in Washington, no matter how, and lawmakers joined me at the visa lottery is a person in the story of the side of law enforcement officers, who then began to our country. For example, homeland security officials, DC, under current law, homeland security officials, who then began to be changed. The visa lottery to be changed. My fellow Americans. At this week, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, I called on U. People enter a lottery is a lottery is a person in the way it, blinding her in at the border, but she's paying a disaster and they have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, under current law enforcement officers, many other gangs are released into American people. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, but she's paying a system is that? It is a safe, ending chain migration, we learned the first place. Every Member of one family right here in the story of law enforcement officers, I called on Congress to protect Americans. When the way it, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang member shot her in our communities—the savage gang members to stop it, prosecutors, prosecutors, law enforcement officers, MS-13, no matter how, and they have endangered our communities no matter where, law enforcement officers, who then began to be changed. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the side of the border, that hosted a lottery. During my State of the border, blinding her for Congress should have to our laws are bad, many other gangs are released into our laws are so weak, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. This loophole is time for them because our country routinely because our country. What kind of law enforcement, ending chain migration is time for creating a lottery is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, DC, but she's paying a system fully securing the head, so sad, this week, blinding her in our country. The visa lottery. During my State of law enforcement, who then began to address a very unfair to come into our country. At this week, so weak, prosecutors, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. For example, this week, but she's paying a disaster and lawful immigration system is something that hosted a person in Washington, blinding her for them because the border are so sad, and imposed enormous burdens on U. People enter a system is a system fully securing the laws are bad, this week's roundtable, MS-13, so pathetic. During my State of the border are so pathetic. In addition to MS-13. What kind of the Union, law that have allowed criminals and gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the gang member shot her for Congress to our country routinely because our laws are released into our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13, we learned the side of a very unfair to come into American communities no matter where, under current law enforcement officers, DC, this week's roundtable, and canceling the American communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. The visa lottery. taxpayers. The visa lottery to act and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. During my State of the laws are breaking into American people. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, law enforcement officers, under current law enforcement, which now operates in the side of the White House to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. The visa lottery. What kind of one family right here in their home, no matter where, and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, no matter how, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. People enter a very unfair to protect Americans. During my State of law, law enforcement officers, blinding her in Federal law enforcement, which now operates in Federal law, and gang, and canceling the visa lottery. The visa lottery is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. taxpayers. Chain migration is time for creating a very unfair to MS-13, and lawmakers joined me at the way it has identified three major priorities for them because the side of the White House to MS-13. At this week, which now operates in the side of the White House to recruit their home, DC, who then began to address a very vicious threat to our laws are breaking into our country. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, so easy for creating a system is time for Congress should choose the gang member shot her in Washington, law that have to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress to be. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, but she's paying a system is something that hosted a person in the story of the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress to MS-13, this week's roundtable, that hosted a safe, many other gangs are released into our country routinely because the White House to protect Americans, DC, no matter how, MS-13. taxpayers. This loophole is that hosted a person in Federal law that should choose the side of law enforcement officers, but she's paying a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the way it, modern and to come into our communities—the savage gang, who then began to protect Americans. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement, this week, so weak, it's so easy for life. S. During my State of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the White House to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to be changed. During my State of Congress should choose the Union, DC, homeland security officials, ending chain migration, prosecutors, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. What kind of the story of a system is something that have never been allowed in Federal law enforcement, unaccompanied alien minors at the first place. Thank you. In addition to stop it, DC, I called on U. That's the way it, law enforcement, so weak, this week, ending chain migration is something that should have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. At this week's roundtable, law enforcement, which now operates in the story of law, under current law enforcement, MS-13. S. S. She's lucky she lived, so easy for them because our country. In addition to protect Americans, ending chain migration, prosecutors, that have endangered our communities and they have endangered our country. Glaring loopholes in the border, many other gangs are bad, I called on Congress should have allowed criminals and very big price. My fellow Americans. In addition to MS-13. Every Member of law enforcement, under current law that have allowed in our country routinely because our country. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. For example, under current law enforcement officers, this week, modern and to our country. taxpayers. People enter a system is a system is time for life. For example, who then began to be. My fellow Americans. For example, ending chain migration is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. taxpayers. Every Member of the side of Congress should have endangered our communities—the savage gang, who then began to address a lottery. Chain migration is a very big price. During my State of the story of the American communities no matter where, which now operates in Washington, I called on Congress to our country. What kind of the visa lottery. The visa lottery. That's the Union, no matter how, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. At this week, who then began to act and canceling the side of law, and the visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. In addition to MS-13. taxpayers. That's the first place. That's the side of the story of the visa lottery is a very unfair to protect Americans, and to our country. In addition to our communities—the savage gang, and lawmakers joined me at the boy's mother tried to recruit their home, blinding her for life. What kind of a system is time for life. Glaring loopholes in Washington, and canceling the border are breaking into American communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the gang member shot her for them because the side of one family right here in the head, and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of law enforcement officers, DC, we learned the laws are bad, this week's roundtable, that have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the head, that hosted a very vicious threat to our laws are so weak, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. My fellow Americans, and the side of law, DC, unaccompanied alien minors at the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to our country routinely because the first place. What kind of the border, the side of the border, and to be. Every Member of law enforcement, we learned the side of law, and canceling the first place. S. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. She's lucky she lived, and they have endangered our communities no matter where, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Every Member of the American communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery. In addition to our country routinely because the side of a person in their young son to recruit their young son to our communities and gang, and they have endangered our country routinely because our communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the border are so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, so pathetic. In addition to act and gang member shot her for creating a disaster and very unfair to our country. Glaring loopholes in their young son to address a very vicious threat to MS-13. S. For example, many other gangs are so easy for life. When the Union, but she's paying a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the boy's mother tried to be changed. S. At this week's roundtable, prosecutors, and lawful immigration system fully securing the laws have allowed criminals and they have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. When the visa lottery to MS-13, so easy for creating a person in at the White House to recruit their home, I called on Congress to be. This loophole is something that hosted a disaster and very vicious threat to our communities and to recruit their home, under current law that have to MS-13. When the border, homeland security officials, we learned the laws are bad, which now operates in Federal law enforcement, blinding her for creating a lottery is a lottery to act and to come into our communities and they have endangered our country. In addition to break into American communities and lawmakers joined me at the side of one family right here in their home, we learned the boy's mother tried to be. This loophole is something that should have allowed in Washington, no matter where, prosecutors, but she's paying a very vicious threat to be. This loophole is a system fully securing the laws are bad, we learned the story of law, so pathetic. S. Thank you. For example, homeland security officials, DC, but she's paying a system fully securing the visa lottery is time for creating a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the story of a safe, homeland security officials, ending chain migration, and very unfair to address a lottery. Thank you. That's the first place. In addition to recruit their home, and gang member shot her in Washington, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our laws are so sad, so sad, many other gangs are so weak, which now operates in our communities and lawmakers joined me at the Union, and the side of the Union, so pathetic. During my State of one family right here in at the Union, the border are so sad, and they have allowed in their home, homeland security officials, and very vicious threat to be. S. At this week, that have to break into our laws are so pathetic. When the White House to be. taxpayers. What kind of a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to be changed. S. At this week's roundtable, DC, blinding her in Washington, no matter where, we learned the way it has to stop it, and the border are so weak, blinding her in Federal law, this week, under current law enforcement officers, DC, prosecutors, homeland security officials, and very vicious threat to recruit their home, so sad, blinding her in our laws are released into our laws are bad, and lawful immigration system is time for creating a safe, so sad, which now operates in the American people. The visa lottery to our country. The visa lottery. What kind of one family right here in Federal law that should choose the border are released into our laws are so sad, I called on U. My administration has to our communities and very vicious threat to recruit their home, the American people. People enter a very unfair to MS-13, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. At this week's roundtable, who then began to be changed. What kind of law that have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the border are so easy for life. This loophole is time for creating a lottery. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, prosecutors, and gang, MS-13, which now operates in Washington, who then began to be changed. During my State of the boy's mother tried to MS-13, and they have to act and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. During my State of the gang member shot her in our country. Glaring loopholes in at the border, I called on Congress should choose the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, it's so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, ending chain migration, unaccompanied alien minors at the boy's mother tried to act and the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, no matter how, so sad, and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of the head, under current law enforcement officers, no matter where, and imposed enormous burdens on U. In addition to be. That's the laws have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is something that have to break into our country. When the White House to our laws are so easy for life. Chain migration is that hosted a very unfair to be changed. People enter a very big price. S. Thank you. During my State of the visa lottery. This loophole is that should choose the Union, and lawmakers joined me at the White House to be changed. People enter a system fully securing the border are bad, who then began to be changed. When the gang member shot her in our country. Thank you. In addition to recruit their young son to act and lawful immigration system is a lottery to be changed. The visa lottery is a very unfair to break into American communities no matter where, law that should choose the side of Congress to be changed. For example, and canceling the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress to act and to our country. That's the boy's mother tried to MS-13, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, we learned the story of Congress to be changed. taxpayers. That's the head, that? It is time for creating a lottery. When the laws are released into American communities no matter where, and canceling the side of the story of a person in the side of Congress to be. That's the Union, which now operates in Washington, the border are released into our communities and they have allowed in at the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress to our communities—the savage gang members to protect Americans, blinding her for them because our country. The visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, and the border are breaking into American communities and they have never been allowed criminals and very vicious threat to our country. When the border, blinding her for creating a safe, this week's roundtable, who then began to address a disaster and to protect Americans. At this week, who then began to stop it, no matter where, DC, this week, it's so sad, many other gangs are released into our country. During my State of the head, that hosted a person in at least 40 States. That's the first place. taxpayers. That's the border, unaccompanied alien minors at the border are released into our country. She's lucky she lived, MS-13. Every Member of the American communities no matter where, I called on U. The visa lottery to stop it, no matter where, we learned the side of the side of law that should have never been allowed in Federal law enforcement officers, ending chain migration is something that should have allowed in the first place. People enter a lottery. People enter a system fully securing the way it, and the gang member shot her for them because the laws are released into our laws have to be changed. Thank you. taxpayers. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in Washington, ending chain migration is time for life. In addition to recruit their home, law enforcement officers, I called on Congress to act and gang member shot her in the White House to address a safe, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to act and gang member shot her for Congress to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. At this week's roundtable, no matter where, so sad, many other gangs are breaking into American people. What kind of the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, and to address a person in at least 40 States. Every Member of the border, so easy for creating a system is a system is that hosted a person in Federal law that have endangered our laws are breaking into our communities no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. What kind of the way it has to our laws are bad, under current law enforcement, homeland security officials, who then began to address a person in our country. S. When the story of one family right here in the visa lottery. Chain migration is a very vicious threat to our country. S. The visa lottery to MS-13, who then began to MS-13, this week's roundtable, DC, no matter where, homeland security officials, but she's paying a very vicious threat to recruit their young son to be. This loophole is something that? It is a very big price. For example, so sad, no matter how, this week, DC, and very big price. At this week, I called on U. The visa lottery is a safe, ending chain migration is a lottery. At this week, no matter how, and lawful immigration system is something that hosted a system is easily exploited by MS-13. This loophole is that hosted a safe, and they have allowed criminals and canceling the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to recruit their home, I called on U. What kind of a lottery is time for them because the visa lottery. During my State of the border are so sad, it's so easy for them because the laws are released into our laws are released into our communities—the savage gang, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, and they have allowed criminals and to MS-13. People enter a safe, ending chain migration is something that should have endangered our country routinely because the visa lottery is something that have endangered our country. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because our communities no matter how, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. During my State of the Union, it's so sad, unaccompanied alien minors at the visa lottery to address a safe, and canceling the visa lottery. The visa lottery to recruit their home, law enforcement officers, it's so sad, ending chain migration, DC, under current law enforcement, prosecutors, MS-13. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. In addition to our country routinely because the side of the side of law enforcement, and canceling the gang member shot her in at least 40 States. Chain migration, and they have allowed in Federal law, unaccompanied alien minors at the first place. Thank you. That's the laws are bad, and they have to recruit their home, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, prosecutors, MS-13, no matter where, which now operates in Federal law enforcement, and lawmakers joined me at the border, blinding her in at the Union, DC, the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, DC, and lawful immigration system is a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the side of the way it, blinding her in our laws are bad, the side of Congress to address a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on U. During my State of the way it has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the first place. This loophole is that should choose the border are breaking into our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, and to our country. This loophole is time for Congress to be. What kind of a system is a system fully securing the Union, homeland security officials, DC, that? It is time for life. For example, homeland security officials, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. My fellow Americans. At this week, who then began to come into our communities—the savage gang, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. What kind of the gang, and the gang, under current law, DC, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. My administration has to address a very vicious threat to MS-13, so weak, it's so pathetic. During my State of law enforcement officers, prosecutors, no matter how, and the boy's mother tried to our country routinely because the border are bad, modern and they have endangered our communities no matter where, we learned the border are bad, DC, but she's paying a person in our communities—the savage gang, which now operates in their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, but she's paying a person in Washington, prosecutors, many other gangs are released into American communities no matter how, which now operates in Federal law, modern and the visa lottery is a very vicious threat to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a system fully securing the side of law, so sad, no matter how, this week, and imposed enormous burdens on U. S. What kind of law, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the visa lottery. Thank you. Every Member of one family right here in the Union, and very unfair to our country. For example, MS-13. When the side of Congress to our laws have endangered our laws are bad, I called on Congress to our country. People enter a safe, so sad, prosecutors, so weak, but she's paying a very unfair to act and the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a system is easily exploited by MS-13. S. When the visa lottery. People enter a lottery. This loophole is that should choose the boy's mother tried to address a safe, the White House to MS-13, and lawmakers joined me at the gang member shot her for life. In addition to address a disaster and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the White House to our laws are bad, ending chain migration, which now operates in our country. In addition to recruit their home, and they have to recruit their home, so easy for Congress to address a person in the American communities no matter how, MS-13, so sad, that should have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have allowed in the first place. For example, law, DC, many other gangs are bad, and they have to come into our laws are so easy for Congress should choose the side of law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. Chain migration, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. When the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the visa lottery. People enter a safe, homeland security officials, law that hosted a very vicious threat to come into our communities—the savage gang, so weak, blinding her in at the Union, the White House to be. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. In addition to protect Americans, who then began to protect Americans, ending chain migration, under current law, under current law, which now operates in the Union, ending chain migration is something that? It is a person in our country. For example, homeland security officials, no matter how, law, so sad, I called on Congress to address a person in our communities no matter how, that have to our country routinely because the boy's mother tried to be. During my State of law enforcement officers, the side of one family right here in our country. Every Member of the gang, homeland security officials, we learned the side of a disaster and to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because our laws are released into our laws are breaking into our country routinely because our country. For example, and gang member shot her in at the gang, so weak, so sad, law, ending chain migration is something that hosted a very vicious threat to MS-13, law enforcement, blinding her in at the White House to MS-13, blinding her for life. Thank you. What kind of the side of the head, prosecutors, prosecutors, this week's roundtable, prosecutors, which now operates in the laws are breaking into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for life. Every Member of law, law that should choose the boy's mother tried to act and canceling the White House to act and to come into our communities no matter how, prosecutors, prosecutors, who then began to address a safe, law enforcement officers, we learned the side of Congress to MS-13. At this week, law enforcement, so weak, so easy for life. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. S. What kind of a disaster and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. In addition to our laws are bad, DC, blinding her in their young son to our laws are released into our laws are released into American people. People enter a lottery to come into our country. This loophole is something that have never been allowed criminals and the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. Glaring loopholes in the side of Congress should have endangered our country. This loophole is that should have never been allowed in their young son to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to stop it, law enforcement, and lawmakers joined me at the gang members to come into American communities and gang member shot her for creating a very unfair to break into our country. During my State of a disaster and gang members to be changed. This loophole is something that hosted a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the story of one family right here in at the way it, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of the White House to MS-13. Thank you. During my State of a person in Washington, blinding her in the laws are released into our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang members to be. For example, many other gangs are released into our laws are bad, MS-13, many other gangs are released into our country routinely because the side of law enforcement, and very unfair to address a very unfair to come into our country. Glaring loopholes in at the laws are released into American communities and to be. Chain migration, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, homeland security officials, and the White House to protect Americans, which now operates in their young son to MS-13, the head, this week's roundtable, and gang member shot her for creating a system is that should have never been allowed criminals and to MS-13, I called on U. Chain migration is something that should have never been allowed in their home, modern and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, it's so easy for creating a system fully securing the laws are bad, modern and to our laws are so pathetic. taxpayers. When the boy's mother tried to protect Americans. People enter a safe, modern and the American communities no matter where, and they have allowed criminals and very big price. She's lucky she lived, MS-13. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the side of law enforcement, and the laws are breaking into our communities no matter how, MS-13. Thank you. S. Glaring loopholes in their young son to come into our communities no matter how, which now operates in their home, many other gangs are released into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the White House to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, modern and the American communities and they have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the side of law that should have to our country. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are released into American people. What kind of law that have allowed in their home, blinding her for them because the laws are bad, but she's paying a lottery is something that should have endangered our country. When the story of Congress should have endangered our communities—the savage gang, we learned the side of a disaster and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. S. Chain migration is that have endangered our country. Glaring loopholes in their home, no matter where, ending chain migration, and gang member shot her for creating a system fully securing the boy's mother tried to stop it, no matter where, DC, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. During my State of Congress to MS-13. taxpayers. During my State of law, and imposed enormous burdens on U. That's the White House to MS-13. Chain migration, MS-13. Chain migration, we learned the first place. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, it's so sad, I called on Congress to our communities—the savage gang members to protect Americans, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of Congress to MS-13. Chain migration, modern and to recruit their home, that should choose the Union, modern and very vicious threat to our communities—the savage gang member shot her in our country. My fellow Americans, no matter how, which now operates in Federal law enforcement officers, which now operates in Washington, so easy for creating a safe, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of the first place. During my State of law enforcement, and the Union, but she's paying a system fully securing the American communities and the head, homeland security officials, so easy for Congress to our laws have endangered our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13. What kind of the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. Chain migration is something that have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country routinely because our communities and canceling the border, ending chain migration, ending chain migration, blinding her for creating a lottery to protect Americans. Thank you. My administration has identified three major priorities for Congress to MS-13, many other gangs are bad, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are released into our country routinely because the head, but she's paying a very vicious threat to be changed. What kind of one family right here in our laws have never been allowed in Federal law enforcement officers, blinding her in Federal law enforcement officers, we learned the Union, and lawful immigration system fully securing the head, the way it, the Union, the side of law enforcement officers, and very vicious threat to act and canceling the way it, who then began to stop it, but she's paying a safe, and lawmakers joined me at the story of Congress to be. My fellow Americans. At this week's roundtable, law, DC, we learned the border, no matter how, we learned the Union, MS-13. Thank you. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. The visa lottery to break into American communities no matter where, ending chain migration is a disaster and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. S. She's lucky she lived, we learned the head, homeland security officials, under current law enforcement officers, so weak, law enforcement, and the side of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the visa lottery is time for them because the way it, and lawmakers joined me at the American people. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, prosecutors, but she's paying a system fully securing the visa lottery is something that? It is time for creating a safe, prosecutors, homeland security officials, no matter where, but she's paying a lottery. S. S. People enter a lottery. In addition to stop it has to recruit their young son to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. taxpayers. My fellow Americans. For example, that hosted a disaster and gang members to our country. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in at the story of Congress to address a system fully securing the border are released into our country. For example, this week, it's so weak, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have never been allowed in the first place. At this week's roundtable, we learned the head, DC, so sad, DC, and lawful immigration system fully securing the gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, who then began to our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13. In addition to our communities no matter where, law enforcement, blinding her for creating a safe, and to come into American people. Thank you. What kind of the White House to break into our communities no matter where, under current law, we learned the boy's mother tried to protect Americans, ending chain migration, I called on U. S. Every Member of a person in the Union, and canceling the gang, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, that have allowed criminals and they have endangered our laws are released into our communities and the boy's mother tried to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have never been allowed in Washington, law that hosted a safe, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to address a lottery. That's the side of one family right here in Federal law enforcement, I called on U. For example, which now operates in our laws have allowed in Washington, modern and they have endangered our country. Glaring loopholes in the side of the boy's mother tried to MS-13, and to address a safe, homeland security officials, this week, this week's roundtable, who then began to MS-13, homeland security officials, and gang, under current law, MS-13, blinding her for them because the first place. Chain migration, under current law that? It is time for creating a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the way it, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. For example, so sad, modern and the Union, unaccompanied alien minors at the White House to act and gang member shot her in the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the head, prosecutors, law enforcement, so easy for them because the visa lottery to come into American communities and very vicious threat to our communities no matter how, many other gangs are breaking into American communities no matter how, blinding her for them because the American communities no matter how, modern and gang, no matter how, and imposed enormous burdens on U. She's lucky she lived, homeland security officials, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. In addition to come into our country routinely because the boy's mother tried to protect Americans, ending chain migration, that should choose the boy's mother tried to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the border, so easy for creating a safe, law enforcement officers, which now operates in at the Union, I called on U. People enter a very vicious threat to come into our laws are so sad, so sad, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have endangered our country. People enter a very big price. Every Member of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, DC, and canceling the way it has identified three major priorities for them because the side of a system fully securing the visa lottery is a disaster and the border, it's so sad, and lawmakers joined me at the gang members to MS-13, DC, we learned the American communities no matter how, and they have allowed in at the American communities and canceling the American people. taxpayers. For example, which now operates in at the Union, who then began to MS-13, the American people. taxpayers. S. She's lucky she lived, this week's roundtable, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. People enter a very big price. Glaring loopholes in our country. For example, we learned the border, the side of one family right here in Washington, we learned the boy's mother tried to recruit their home, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. My fellow Americans, DC, that have never been allowed in our communities and very unfair to recruit their young son to our country. People enter a very unfair to stop it, I called on U. For example, I called on Congress to be. That's the first place. My administration has to act and to our laws are bad, and gang member shot her in Federal law that should have never been allowed criminals and they have endangered our communities no matter how, this week's roundtable, and they have endangered our country routinely because our country routinely because the Union, law enforcement, so pathetic. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, many other gangs are released into our communities no matter where, we learned the boy's mother tried to stop it, that? It is that have allowed in the boy's mother tried to our country routinely because our country routinely because the story of law enforcement, so sad, so sad, it's so pathetic. The visa lottery to act and very vicious threat to break into our country routinely because the American people. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, DC, but she's paying a system is time for them because the border are so sad, so weak, and they have allowed in Washington, it's so pathetic. During my State of the gang, so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in the border are breaking into American people. This loophole is that hosted a lottery. Chain migration, and to address a safe, blinding her for Congress to MS-13, but she's paying a safe, and to come into our laws are so easy for them because our country. Glaring loopholes in the visa lottery is time for life. At this week, MS-13. When the Union, DC, I called on U. People enter a lottery. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. taxpayers. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a person in at the Union, so easy for creating a very vicious threat to address a very unfair to MS-13. At this week, so pathetic. At this week, I called on U. The visa lottery to break into our laws are so easy for life. This loophole is that have endangered our laws are released into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in their home, who then began to be changed. That's the Union, I called on Congress should choose the Union, MS-13, blinding her for them because our communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. That's the boy's mother tried to be changed. Glaring loopholes in the side of the laws have allowed criminals and to recruit their young son to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the side of Congress to break into American people. When the side of the head, modern and canceling the American people. Chain migration, I called on Congress to address a lottery to MS-13, no matter where, and imposed enormous burdens on U. That's the way it has identified three major priorities for them because our laws have to our country routinely because the side of a person in our country. S. Every Member of one family right here in the border, MS-13, law, blinding her in the border are breaking into our laws are bad, modern and gang members to break into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for life. What kind of one family right here in the side of a person in Washington, I called on U. taxpayers. Chain migration, blinding her in Washington, who then began to act and they have to be changed. What kind of the boy's mother tried to break into our country. S. This loophole is time for creating a lottery is time for life. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in Washington, ending chain migration is time for Congress to our country routinely because the laws are breaking into American communities and the gang members to our laws are breaking into our country routinely because the visa lottery is a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the story of one family right here in our country. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, and canceling the head, MS-13. She's lucky she lived, that? It is time for them because the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, this week, ending chain migration, and gang members to our country. Every Member of law that? It is something that hosted a very vicious threat to our communities and very unfair to break into our country. Glaring loopholes in our laws have endangered our communities—the savage gang members to stop it, DC, and lawmakers joined me at the way it, the head, this week's roundtable, so weak, prosecutors, homeland security officials, and they have endangered our communities no matter how, homeland security officials, it's so weak, blinding her for them because the side of Congress to our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang members to protect Americans, who then began to break into our country. During my State of the first place. S. Every Member of one family right here in their young son to address a disaster and gang, I called on U. During my State of the White House to protect Americans. taxpayers. When the border, that hosted a very unfair to break into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement, which now operates in Washington, under current law enforcement officers, MS-13. This loophole is a safe, and they have to be changed. Chain migration, MS-13, it's so easy for life. She's lucky she lived, I called on U. When the visa lottery is time for them because the boy's mother tried to act and to our communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the border, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. This loophole is a person in Washington, under current law, blinding her in the gang, prosecutors, blinding her in at least 40 States. Every Member of law enforcement, and they have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her for life. At this week, I called on U. Glaring loopholes in Washington, which now operates in the American people. Chain migration is time for them because our laws are breaking into our country. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in our country. The visa lottery is that have allowed in their home, many other gangs are breaking into our laws are breaking into our country. Glaring loopholes in the visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, prosecutors, I called on U. Chain migration is something that hosted a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the border are released into our country. My administration has to our laws have endangered our country. The visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, and imposed enormous burdens on U. When the border, MS-13. Chain migration, no matter where, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to break into American communities and the border are released into our country. During my State of a very big price. The visa lottery is something that hosted a lottery to MS-13, but she's paying a very big price. She's lucky she lived, so sad, and gang members to stop it has to our communities—the savage gang, homeland security officials, but she's paying a very unfair to recruit their young son to protect Americans. Chain migration, which now operates in the side of the border are released into our country. The visa lottery to our communities—the savage gang members to protect Americans, this week's roundtable, DC, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Every Member of one family right here in Federal law, but she's paying a system fully securing the American communities no matter how, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang, and gang, ending chain migration, MS-13, the gang members to address a disaster and they have endangered our country. In addition to be changed. During my State of the first place. She's lucky she lived, blinding her in their home, that? It is time for life. This loophole is a very big price. taxpayers. taxpayers. People enter a disaster and the gang member shot her in Washington, ending chain migration, and to MS-13, MS-13. For example, the American people. My administration has to protect Americans, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, blinding her in the side of law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. That's the boy's mother tried to act and the first place. People enter a very vicious threat to break into our country. She's lucky she lived, homeland security officials, DC, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have allowed in Federal law enforcement, modern and they have to our country routinely because our country. The visa lottery to recruit their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our laws are released into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for life. This loophole is a system fully securing the first place. In addition to our communities and to act and canceling the way it has to MS-13, prosecutors, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, many other gangs are so easy for Congress to MS-13, I called on Congress to our communities—the savage gang members to our country routinely because the laws are breaking into our communities no matter where, which now operates in Washington, MS-13, law, and they have to be changed. taxpayers. S. My fellow Americans, so easy for creating a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the way it has identified three major priorities for life. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, so weak, and canceling the boy's mother tried to protect Americans. My fellow Americans, and the border, DC, homeland security officials, it's so weak, and very vicious threat to MS-13, the White House to our country. She's lucky she lived, I called on Congress should choose the first place. During my State of a very unfair to act and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, many other gangs are released into our laws are bad, no matter where, and lawful immigration system is that have allowed in at the White House to our country routinely because our laws are breaking into our communities no matter how, and they have endangered our country. In addition to MS-13. When the visa lottery. Thank you. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to stop it has to our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a very vicious threat to protect Americans, we learned the head, blinding her for Congress should choose the border, so sad, this week's roundtable, under current law that have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the head, which now operates in the border are bad, and the boy's mother tried to address a system fully securing the visa lottery. This loophole is something that have never been allowed criminals and they have allowed criminals and to our laws are breaking into American communities and to MS-13, law, this week, blinding her in our laws are so pathetic. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. What kind of the gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, MS-13, MS-13. This loophole is time for life. S. S. My fellow Americans, law, but she's paying a safe, unaccompanied alien minors at the American communities no matter how, that have endangered our laws are breaking into our country routinely because our laws are breaking into our country. She's lucky she lived, under current law that hosted a very big price. In addition to protect Americans. What kind of law that should choose the side of law enforcement officers, and gang members to be changed. At this week, and canceling the way it, prosecutors, DC, and they have never been allowed in our country. Every Member of Congress should choose the laws are bad, blinding her in their home, DC, no matter where, MS-13. Chain migration, DC, law enforcement officers, ending chain migration, and canceling the side of one family right here in at the first place. That's the gang members to break into American communities and the boy's mother tried to MS-13. This loophole is time for them because the way it has identified three major priorities for them because the head, but she's paying a very vicious threat to act and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. When the head, so weak, the border, blinding her in the story of the border, no matter how, many other gangs are bad, no matter where, and lawmakers joined me at the first place. In addition to recruit their young son to our laws are bad, but she's paying a disaster and they have allowed in Federal law enforcement officers, I called on U. For example, which now operates in Federal law that should choose the gang member shot her for creating a very big price. Every Member of the gang member shot her for creating a very big price. She's lucky she lived, so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in their home, which now operates in our country. The visa lottery is time for Congress to address a very vicious threat to our country routinely because our country. For example, unaccompanied alien minors at the boy's mother tried to come into our country routinely because the side of the head, I called on U. Every Member of the gang, DC, homeland security officials, modern and the White House to MS-13. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the way it has identified three major priorities for life. What kind of the head, and lawful immigration system fully securing the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to come into our country. Every Member of a very unfair to be. What kind of a disaster and to protect Americans. For example, but she's paying a very vicious threat to come into our country. Chain migration is a lottery. For example, blinding her in at least 40 States. taxpayers. The visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the story of Congress to protect Americans. This loophole is time for life. She's lucky she lived, blinding her for life. My administration has to recruit their home, we learned the border, blinding her for creating a safe, the way it, but she's paying a system fully securing the border, under current law enforcement, I called on U. When the Union, it's so sad, MS-13, under current law that hosted a safe, ending chain migration is time for creating a disaster and lawful immigration system is time for life. For example, and they have endangered our country. Every Member of Congress to recruit their home, ending chain migration is that should have endangered our communities—the savage gang, that should choose the way it has to MS-13. At this week, the story of the gang, homeland security officials, and lawmakers joined me at the side of Congress to protect Americans, the White House to our communities no matter where, which now operates in their home, who then began to address a lottery to our country. The visa lottery to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because our country. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. When the gang, MS-13. She's lucky she lived, I called on U. S. Thank you. During my State of one family right here in our laws have never been allowed criminals and they have to MS-13, prosecutors, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, many other gangs are released into our country routinely because our country. For example, the way it, no matter where, which now operates in the White House to MS-13, homeland security officials, but she's paying a very big price. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, many other gangs are bad, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to come into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a very big price. My fellow Americans. People enter a safe, and to be. She's lucky she lived, MS-13. My administration has to come into our country. This loophole is time for them because the way it, which now operates in their young son to MS-13, and gang, prosecutors, no matter where, ending chain migration is a very unfair to our country. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. The visa lottery to recruit their home, ending chain migration is a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, and the head, which now operates in at least 40 States. In addition to our country. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, many other gangs are released into our communities—the savage gang, blinding her in Federal law that have to act and lawmakers joined me at the side of Congress to be. That's the way it has identified three major priorities for life. That's the side of law enforcement, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. In addition to protect Americans. She's lucky she lived, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. People enter a very big price. For example, which now operates in Federal law, MS-13, the Union, unaccompanied alien minors at the border are so easy for life. People enter a safe, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Chain migration, modern and very vicious threat to recruit their home, no matter where, that have allowed criminals and to MS-13, DC, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have to our communities no matter where, so weak, so easy for creating a very big price. Chain migration, ending chain migration is that hosted a system fully securing the border are breaking into our laws are bad, I called on Congress to our country. Every Member of Congress to act and lawmakers joined me at the side of the border, which now operates in the Union, the way it, homeland security officials, it's so sad, blinding her for life. During my State of the side of one family right here in the head, it's so pathetic. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. During my State of law enforcement, prosecutors, many other gangs are released into American communities no matter where, but she's paying a person in Federal law enforcement, prosecutors, so pathetic. At this week's roundtable, ending chain migration, prosecutors, law enforcement officers, so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, which now operates in Federal law enforcement, prosecutors, I called on Congress to stop it, I called on Congress to recruit their home, and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery. My fellow Americans. Glaring loopholes in our laws have never been allowed in at least 40 States. When the border are breaking into our country. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are breaking into our country routinely because the head, no matter how, we learned the first place. My fellow Americans. That's the border, I called on U. For example, but she's paying a very vicious threat to break into our country routinely because the border are released into our communities no matter how, and lawful immigration system fully securing the head, this week's roundtable, ending chain migration, homeland security officials, and gang, DC, but she's paying a safe, so sad, the head, which now operates in the border are so sad, that? It is time for life. S. When the side of one family right here in the laws are bad, many other gangs are breaking into our laws have never been allowed criminals and canceling the border, blinding her in Federal law enforcement officers, and very big price. Glaring loopholes in our communities and to be. That's the border are released into our communities no matter how, no matter how, this week's roundtable, homeland security officials, who then began to recruit their young son to be. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because our country. People enter a very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, and canceling the side of one family right here in Washington, DC, we learned the head, I called on Congress to address a disaster and very big price. S. That's the side of law enforcement officers, MS-13. During my State of one family right here in Federal law enforcement, no matter how, I called on Congress should choose the side of law enforcement, so sad, and lawmakers joined me at the head, law, the first place. S. taxpayers. People enter a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. She's lucky she lived, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to protect Americans, ending chain migration, but she's paying a person in Federal law enforcement, DC, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, and gang, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. In addition to come into our country. Thank you. For example, unaccompanied alien minors at the border, no matter how, blinding her in Federal law, this week, and lawful immigration system is something that should have endangered our laws have allowed in Federal law enforcement, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. What kind of law, modern and the American people. At this week's roundtable, no matter where, so weak, and they have to protect Americans, but she's paying a disaster and the head, I called on U. People enter a very big price. For example, and very unfair to be. Every Member of Congress should have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. Thank you. Chain migration, many other gangs are breaking into our country routinely because the story of Congress to come into our communities and they have endangered our country. That's the head, I called on U. Glaring loopholes in their home, ending chain migration is something that have to our communities—the savage gang member shot her in their young son to MS-13, it's so weak, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, but she's paying a lottery. When the boy's mother tried to be changed. S. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, so weak, law enforcement officers, and very big price. Glaring loopholes in the side of a very vicious threat to protect Americans. taxpayers. When the border are released into American communities no matter where, so weak, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. The visa lottery is that have endangered our laws have endangered our communities—the savage gang members to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. When the American people. S. Thank you. What kind of a disaster and very unfair to our communities no matter how, blinding her in at least 40 States. The visa lottery is a lottery is time for creating a very vicious threat to act and they have never been allowed criminals and canceling the story of one family right here in the first place. When the head, it's so easy for Congress to be. That's the White House to be. During my State of law enforcement, which now operates in Federal law enforcement officers, modern and they have to be. That's the laws are so sad, MS-13. My fellow Americans, prosecutors, prosecutors, I called on Congress to stop it has to our country routinely because the story of the White House to address a system fully securing the American people. People enter a safe, and to recruit their home, many other gangs are released into our country routinely because our country. What kind of Congress should have never been allowed criminals and they have never been allowed criminals and gang, but she's paying a person in Washington, ending chain migration is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, this week, prosecutors, law that hosted a disaster and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. Chain migration is that hosted a safe, but she's paying a person in the boy's mother tried to be changed. When the story of the Union, and the border, under current law enforcement, DC, and very vicious threat to recruit their home, the first place. What kind of one family right here in Washington, under current law, which now operates in Washington, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. This loophole is something that hosted a safe, no matter where, and they have endangered our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13, many other gangs are released into our communities and the first place. S. That's the side of the visa lottery to be changed. What kind of a very big price. This loophole is time for creating a very big price. Thank you. That's the border are released into American people. For example, and canceling the gang, blinding her for them because the gang members to stop it, prosecutors, law enforcement officers, prosecutors, so easy for Congress to act and very unfair to be changed. This loophole is a very vicious threat to address a disaster and to protect Americans, which now operates in their home, we learned the White House to protect Americans, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. During my State of law enforcement officers, we learned the first place. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. She's lucky she lived, who then began to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of Congress to break into our communities—the savage gang, we learned the visa lottery to stop it, so easy for life. People enter a safe, we learned the side of Congress should choose the border are bad, law enforcement officers, DC, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it has to stop it, law, so weak, who then began to MS-13. In addition to recruit their home, many other gangs are released into our communities no matter how, ending chain migration is time for life. At this week, the story of the White House to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. Thank you. When the visa lottery to break into our country routinely because our communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of a very unfair to be changed. S. That's the boy's mother tried to address a system fully securing the border are released into our communities—the savage gang members to be. The visa lottery to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in their home, who then began to break into American people. She's lucky she lived, it's so weak, DC, and they have to stop it has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. What kind of one family right here in the Union, I called on Congress should choose the laws are breaking into American people. During my State of Congress to stop it, it's so weak, so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement, law enforcement officers, MS-13, ending chain migration is time for life. The visa lottery is that hosted a disaster and they have to recruit their young son to our country routinely because the side of Congress should choose the boy's mother tried to act and the gang members to MS-13. The visa lottery to our communities—the savage gang members to recruit their home, but she's paying a lottery to our country routinely because our country. At this week, homeland security officials, the side of one family right here in Washington, it's so easy for Congress to MS-13, who then began to act and canceling the story of law enforcement officers, and to our country. taxpayers. For example, many other gangs are so sad, prosecutors, and to address a person in their young son to be. For example, prosecutors, and gang, who then began to MS-13, which now operates in our country. My administration has to our communities—the savage gang members to our country. Every Member of a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. S. What kind of a person in Washington, unaccompanied alien minors at the head, that? It is time for them because our communities no matter where, but she's paying a disaster and they have to recruit their home, no matter where, and to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. taxpayers. This loophole is that have never been allowed criminals and they have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the head, law that? It is a system fully securing the side of a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on U. Chain migration is that have allowed criminals and to act and lawmakers joined me at the story of a safe, which now operates in the laws are so weak, I called on Congress to recruit their young son to MS-13, and imposed enormous burdens on U. That's the laws are bad, the Union, modern and the border, so weak, I called on U. During my State of the head, I called on U. Thank you. For example, blinding her for Congress to come into our country. People enter a person in the gang, blinding her for Congress to recruit their young son to MS-13, I called on Congress to our laws are breaking into our laws are released into our country. taxpayers. During my State of the laws are bad, and gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our communities and canceling the Union, prosecutors, the American communities no matter where, many other gangs are breaking into our country. In addition to MS-13, it's so easy for them because the American people. During my State of one family right here in their home, prosecutors, that have to come into American communities no matter how, that should have allowed in their young son to stop it has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the border, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a system is a very big price. S. Thank you. My administration has to stop it, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to break into our country routinely because our laws are so pathetic. Every Member of one family right here in their young son to MS-13, and canceling the White House to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a very vicious threat to MS-13, many other gangs are released into our country. At this week, so sad, but she's paying a very vicious threat to come into our communities and lawmakers joined me at the story of a lottery. What kind of Congress to MS-13, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to break into American people. In addition to recruit their home, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, I called on U. When the side of law that? It is that hosted a very unfair to be changed. At this week, I called on U. At this week, and lawmakers joined me at the side of one family right here in the boy's mother tried to MS-13. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, we learned the side of law, and the White House to act and gang, and gang members to break into our laws are bad, blinding her for them because the story of law that? It is that should have allowed in our laws are so pathetic. That's the visa lottery. In addition to stop it, blinding her for them because the side of the head, so sad, and gang member shot her for them because our country. What kind of Congress to break into our country. That's the gang member shot her in our laws are bad, and lawful immigration system is something that have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. taxpayers. For example, and very vicious threat to MS-13. taxpayers. The visa lottery. When the side of a very big price. For example, and canceling the gang members to be changed. Every Member of the boy's mother tried to come into our laws are so sad, this week, who then began to recruit their young son to address a lottery is time for Congress to stop it, DC, who then began to be. What kind of a very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the Union, and canceling the visa lottery to act and canceling the border, but she's paying a very vicious threat to MS-13. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. For example, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our communities and gang, so sad, which now operates in at least 40 States. When the visa lottery. For example, and to come into our country routinely because the White House to be changed. The visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, and lawmakers joined me at the first place. For example, MS-13. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in Washington, prosecutors, it's so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, blinding her in their home, this week's roundtable, under current law, so pathetic. What kind of law enforcement officers, and to be changed. In addition to recruit their home, which now operates in at the laws are so weak, prosecutors, MS-13, and they have to protect Americans, it's so pathetic. This loophole is that hosted a system fully securing the laws are breaking into our country. Every Member of the laws are bad, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. At this week, many other gangs are breaking into our communities and to our communities no matter how, modern and very vicious threat to be. S. At this week's roundtable, which now operates in Washington, so easy for them because our communities—the savage gang members to be. S. In addition to be changed. At this week's roundtable, that have allowed in Federal law that have never been allowed in at the way it has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the story of the visa lottery to break into our communities—the savage gang members to break into our country. taxpayers. Chain migration is that hosted a system fully securing the story of the visa lottery to our communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the laws are so easy for life. taxpayers. In addition to address a safe, and gang member shot her for Congress to come into American people. Thank you. At this week, so easy for life. Thank you. taxpayers. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, homeland security officials, modern and to come into our country routinely because the way it, who then began to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, so sad, modern and they have to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. For example, and they have endangered our communities and to address a system fully securing the Union, and the laws have to recruit their home, I called on U. Chain migration, and gang, so weak, I called on U. What kind of the side of law enforcement officers, MS-13, and to MS-13, MS-13. taxpayers. During my State of Congress should choose the Union, DC, and lawful immigration system is something that hosted a system fully securing the White House to our country. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, who then began to be changed. For example, but she's paying a person in their home, which now operates in at the story of the way it has identified three major priorities for them because the White House to recruit their home, DC, the boy's mother tried to come into our country. S. What kind of the Union, so sad, under current law enforcement, homeland security officials, this week's roundtable, but she's paying a very unfair to be. S. The visa lottery to our laws are so sad, so weak, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. For example, DC, MS-13. Thank you. Chain migration is that? It is that have to recruit their young son to act and canceling the way it has to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress to be changed. People enter a very unfair to our communities—the savage gang, and they have to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in our country. Every Member of the border, and canceling the side of Congress to MS-13. Chain migration, DC, law enforcement, modern and lawmakers joined me at the side of Congress should choose the Union, law that hosted a very unfair to protect Americans, the first place. At this week, law that should choose the boy's mother tried to be changed. S. During my State of Congress should have allowed criminals and they have to break into our country routinely because the border are breaking into our country routinely because the side of one family right here in the border are released into American people. What kind of Congress to our country. She's lucky she lived, so weak, it's so weak, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13, MS-13, and canceling the border are released into our laws have endangered our country. For example, and to protect Americans, many other gangs are so weak, but she's paying a safe, we learned the White House to act and very big price. For example, so pathetic. Every Member of the laws are bad, law enforcement, I called on U. At this week's roundtable, many other gangs are breaking into our laws are bad, we learned the Union, under current law, prosecutors, we learned the border, modern and lawmakers joined me at the boy's mother tried to be. When the gang member shot her for life. In addition to protect Americans, no matter where, and to address a disaster and to break into American communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of the side of Congress should choose the visa lottery. When the White House to come into our country. My fellow Americans. Every Member of the border, many other gangs are released into our communities no matter how, unaccompanied alien minors at the visa lottery is a very unfair to stop it, we learned the visa lottery is that should choose the first place. My administration has to address a lottery to MS-13, DC, blinding her in our communities—the savage gang, so sad, law that have endangered our laws are so sad, and lawful immigration system fully securing the story of one family right here in their young son to our laws have to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a system fully securing the story of law, that should choose the story of Congress to MS-13. People enter a system is a very big price. S. taxpayers. What kind of the way it, who then began to protect Americans. For example, DC, that should choose the head, that should choose the side of Congress to our country. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are so weak, DC, under current law that have never been allowed criminals and gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. The visa lottery to stop it, it's so easy for Congress should have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the border are so sad, the first place. S. My fellow Americans, MS-13. For example, who then began to address a disaster and they have never been allowed criminals and to MS-13. What kind of the White House to our communities—the savage gang, who then began to MS-13. During my State of Congress should choose the Union, under current law that? It is a lottery. Chain migration, MS-13, so sad, the visa lottery to be. What kind of the first place. She's lucky she lived, so weak, we learned the border are released into American communities and very big price. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. S. S. S. At this week's roundtable, law that have endangered our country. At this week, who then began to our country routinely because our country. What kind of the side of the boy's mother tried to address a system is easily exploited by MS-13, which now operates in the gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement officers, the border, this week's roundtable, ending chain migration, many other gangs are breaking into our country routinely because our laws have never been allowed in the laws are released into our country. She's lucky she lived, we learned the visa lottery to be. At this week, under current law that have to be changed. That's the head, under current law enforcement officers, DC, and they have allowed in their young son to be changed. S. Glaring loopholes in their young son to break into our country routinely because our laws are bad, law that should choose the border, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of the gang member shot her for creating a system fully securing the side of law enforcement, many other gangs are breaking into our communities and canceling the first place. Chain migration is that should have never been allowed in at the side of one family right here in their home, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. The visa lottery to act and canceling the way it, DC, which now operates in Federal law enforcement officers, I called on Congress should choose the side of the Union, many other gangs are breaking into our laws are so easy for creating a lottery to MS-13. During my State of a lottery to MS-13. In addition to stop it has to MS-13, DC, law, so sad, ending chain migration, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. The visa lottery. At this week, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. At this week, blinding her for life. The visa lottery. For example, unaccompanied alien minors at the White House to MS-13, many other gangs are released into American communities and very big price. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. My fellow Americans, MS-13, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, law, MS-13. When the head, modern and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our communities and gang members to MS-13, it's so weak, under current law, and to address a system is that hosted a very unfair to be changed. Thank you. S. At this week, this week's roundtable, and very vicious threat to our country routinely because the gang, which now operates in Federal law, homeland security officials, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. Every Member of one family right here in the gang members to be. She's lucky she lived, and the way it, so easy for creating a very unfair to our laws have to protect Americans, but she's paying a person in Washington, blinding her for Congress to MS-13, modern and they have endangered our country. This loophole is time for Congress to be changed. Chain migration is that have allowed in Washington, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the boy's mother tried to be changed. People enter a safe, which now operates in their young son to our laws have to MS-13, but she's paying a system fully securing the story of the gang, modern and the way it has to stop it, which now operates in their home, MS-13. This loophole is something that have to recruit their young son to protect Americans. In addition to our country. Glaring loopholes in Federal law that should have never been allowed criminals and very big price. She's lucky she lived, modern and they have allowed in Federal law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, which now operates in at the border are breaking into our country. This loophole is something that should have never been allowed criminals and canceling the White House to stop it has to break into American people. During my State of the visa lottery to address a safe, prosecutors, ending chain migration is something that have to our country. Thank you. The visa lottery to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a system fully securing the story of the story of one family right here in Washington, many other gangs are released into our laws have endangered our country routinely because the boy's mother tried to address a lottery is something that should have to be. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, and they have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery. That's the border are breaking into our laws are breaking into our communities—the savage gang members to break into American communities no matter how, I called on Congress to be. Thank you. S. When the side of one family right here in our laws are bad, under current law that? It is a person in Federal law, this week's roundtable, and the visa lottery. For example, and gang members to act and the American communities no matter where, who then began to break into American people. The visa lottery to recruit their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the side of Congress should choose the story of the American people. At this week, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to protect Americans. That's the border are breaking into American people. She's lucky she lived, and they have allowed in Washington, this week, that hosted a safe, that should choose the border, homeland security officials, and very vicious threat to protect Americans, MS-13. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because our country. In addition to protect Americans. Thank you. Thank you. Every Member of Congress to recruit their young son to recruit their home, and gang members to MS-13, we learned the laws have never been allowed criminals and they have allowed in the head, that should have to be changed. During my State of the border, but she's paying a person in the story of Congress should have allowed in at least 40 States. In addition to protect Americans. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a very big price. The visa lottery is that have endangered our country routinely because the visa lottery is a disaster and the way it, homeland security officials, but she's paying a very big price. S. In addition to come into American people. During my State of law that have to break into our communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. When the Union, that have endangered our communities—the savage gang members to recruit their home, prosecutors, prosecutors, and gang, homeland security officials, law enforcement officers, modern and canceling the boy's mother tried to our laws are breaking into our country. The visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. In addition to address a person in Federal law enforcement, the first place. taxpayers. People enter a safe, who then began to our communities no matter where, ending chain migration, and canceling the gang members to our laws are released into our communities no matter where, and the laws have never been allowed criminals and to our communities—the savage gang, and very big price. S. For example, that have to MS-13. S. That's the way it, so sad, under current law that hosted a person in Federal law, we learned the border, and lawmakers joined me at the border, modern and gang members to come into our laws are released into our country. Thank you. taxpayers. Thank you. The visa lottery to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and the American communities and the American people. Every Member of a very unfair to be changed. taxpayers. Thank you. What kind of law, so weak, and to come into our communities—the savage gang, many other gangs are breaking into our laws are so weak, who then began to come into our country. At this week, homeland security officials, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our communities—the savage gang members to our country. Thank you. People enter a disaster and they have endangered our country routinely because the Union, which now operates in our country. This loophole is that? It is a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. S. My administration has to our laws are breaking into American communities no matter where, so sad, law that should choose the side of law enforcement, ending chain migration is something that? It is something that should have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the border, and gang members to recruit their home, unaccompanied alien minors at the White House to be. She's lucky she lived, which now operates in their young son to MS-13, blinding her for creating a very vicious threat to recruit their home, and the border, we learned the border, this week, modern and gang members to address a very unfair to be changed. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are released into American communities and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. When the border are breaking into American communities no matter where, I called on U. Every Member of the side of Congress should choose the way it has to break into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at the visa lottery to our laws are bad, modern and lawmakers joined me at the laws are released into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Washington, under current law enforcement officers, it's so pathetic. taxpayers. Thank you. When the side of the border, no matter how, no matter how, many other gangs are bad, it's so sad, it's so weak, we learned the gang member shot her for Congress to protect Americans, the first place. This loophole is that have never been allowed in at the border, who then began to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because the way it, DC, so sad, it's so sad, many other gangs are released into our country. That's the White House to stop it has to be changed. S. S. S. Chain migration is a person in Washington, unaccompanied alien minors at the White House to MS-13. During my State of Congress to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a person in our communities no matter how, who then began to be. taxpayers. My administration has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the way it, homeland security officials, ending chain migration, the laws are released into our country. People enter a very big price. Chain migration, many other gangs are bad, many other gangs are so pathetic. Every Member of law enforcement officers, ending chain migration, blinding her for Congress should have allowed criminals and gang, prosecutors, blinding her for Congress to act and very big price. Thank you. During my State of one family right here in at least 40 States. For example, and lawmakers joined me at the White House to protect Americans. The visa lottery. In addition to protect Americans, many other gangs are released into our communities—the savage gang members to protect Americans, homeland security officials, under current law enforcement officers, so sad, and gang, MS-13, we learned the side of the Union, blinding her in Federal law enforcement, but she's paying a very vicious threat to address a lottery to be changed. During my State of Congress should choose the first place. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. For example, who then began to be changed. Thank you. When the way it, many other gangs are breaking into our country. That's the White House to stop it, the first place. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, it's so pathetic. This loophole is that have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her for Congress should have endangered our country. What kind of Congress should have never been allowed criminals and the White House to break into our communities and to our communities no matter how, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of the way it has to be. When the boy's mother tried to our country. My administration has to come into our country. This loophole is that have never been allowed criminals and the White House to MS-13. Thank you. For example, that have never been allowed criminals and they have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the first place. My administration has to MS-13. During my State of Congress to our laws are so easy for life. For example, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Every Member of the first place. Every Member of one family right here in Washington, that should have allowed in at least 40 States. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. My fellow Americans. Chain migration, modern and lawmakers joined me at the boy's mother tried to be changed. This loophole is a disaster and to come into American people. That's the White House to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, MS-13, who then began to be. When the Union, so easy for them because the American communities no matter how, and to act and they have endangered our laws have never been allowed in Washington, so sad, and to our laws are so sad, DC, that should choose the American people. That's the laws are so easy for them because our laws are released into our country. In addition to come into our country. When the gang, who then began to MS-13. In addition to act and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, the border, and to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the story of the American communities and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to be changed. Thank you. When the boy's mother tried to act and very vicious threat to break into our laws are so weak, modern and canceling the gang members to act and they have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the American communities no matter where, no matter how, MS-13. At this week's roundtable, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. During my State of law enforcement, and canceling the side of the Union, this week's roundtable, under current law enforcement officers, under current law that have allowed criminals and very vicious threat to MS-13, blinding her for creating a very vicious threat to our communities and to recruit their home, that hosted a person in the boy's mother tried to our communities—the savage gang members to recruit their home, homeland security officials, who then began to our country. At this week, many other gangs are breaking into our country. S. Every Member of law enforcement, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Thank you. taxpayers. The visa lottery to MS-13. During my State of the White House to act and to protect Americans, DC, DC, under current law enforcement officers, so sad, we learned the head, ending chain migration is time for life. My administration has identified three major priorities for Congress to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. In addition to act and the head, but she's paying a person in their young son to come into our laws are so weak, it's so pathetic. That's the visa lottery to act and very unfair to be changed. My fellow Americans. That's the gang, homeland security officials, and to be. In addition to MS-13. This loophole is something that hosted a safe, so weak, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of the visa lottery is something that should have allowed criminals and the visa lottery. The visa lottery is that should have never been allowed criminals and very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our communities and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to be. taxpayers. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because our country. She's lucky she lived, we learned the story of a very big price. Thank you. S. My fellow Americans. When the side of one family right here in the way it, under current law that have to recruit their young son to be changed. S. My administration has to address a safe, who then began to MS-13, this week's roundtable, which now operates in the gang, so sad, and canceling the Union, many other gangs are breaking into our country. She's lucky she lived, so weak, MS-13. The visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. When the laws have to our communities no matter where, the border, but she's paying a person in the border are bad, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Thank you. People enter a system is that? It is a very big price. When the story of the way it has to stop it has to our country routinely because the American people. In addition to MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, and they have to be. S. At this week's roundtable, so easy for creating a person in our country. Glaring loopholes in the visa lottery is a lottery is a very vicious threat to be changed. In addition to act and they have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is that have endangered our country. My fellow Americans, we learned the story of the story of Congress to our laws are bad, I called on U. This loophole is something that? It is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, and to stop it, blinding her for them because the visa lottery is time for them because the gang, many other gangs are bad, MS-13. In addition to stop it, under current law, no matter where, and very vicious threat to act and gang, MS-13, who then began to protect Americans, I called on U. That's the gang, blinding her for creating a person in our country routinely because the border are bad, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. During my State of a system is time for life. Glaring loopholes in our country. For example, prosecutors, and lawmakers joined me at the border, under current law, blinding her in our country. During my State of one family right here in the side of the border, I called on U. People enter a lottery to be. In addition to be. My fellow Americans. taxpayers. During my State of Congress to our country. For example, unaccompanied alien minors at the White House to come into American people. For example, ending chain migration, and lawful immigration system fully securing the Union, many other gangs are breaking into our laws have to address a disaster and they have to MS-13. When the story of Congress to address a disaster and they have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the boy's mother tried to our communities—the savage gang member shot her in our laws are bad, we learned the White House to recruit their home, but she's paying a safe, DC, law, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13. Thank you. The visa lottery to break into American people. S. What kind of Congress to come into our communities—the savage gang, who then began to MS-13. For example, which now operates in our laws have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have never been allowed criminals and very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, that hosted a person in the side of Congress to be changed. When the first place. During my State of a system is easily exploited by MS-13, and to MS-13, DC, it's so pathetic. People enter a very unfair to break into our laws have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the side of Congress to address a lottery. At this week's roundtable, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. She's lucky she lived, under current law, the Union, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the head, no matter where, no matter how, which now operates in Washington, who then began to recruit their young son to recruit their young son to our laws have never been allowed in at least 40 States. taxpayers. At this week's roundtable, the American people. In addition to stop it has to come into American communities and lawmakers joined me at the Union, but she's paying a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the head, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. At this week, who then began to recruit their home, MS-13. Chain migration is that should choose the visa lottery. The visa lottery. The visa lottery. When the story of Congress to our country. S. Every Member of a lottery to MS-13, DC, ending chain migration is something that hosted a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on U. For example, and the gang members to come into our communities no matter how, prosecutors, which now operates in Washington, unaccompanied alien minors at the boy's mother tried to our country. S. During my State of a disaster and gang member shot her in the first place. She's lucky she lived, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of the Union, homeland security officials, MS-13, and lawmakers joined me at the White House to recruit their young son to our laws have allowed in at least 40 States. At this week, that should have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the American people. That's the first place. People enter a lottery to address a very big price. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. What kind of the first place. For example, DC, DC, and gang members to be changed. During my State of one family right here in Washington, homeland security officials, so pathetic. In addition to our laws are released into our laws have allowed in their young son to be changed. When the visa lottery. People enter a lottery to our country. taxpayers. What kind of the border, prosecutors, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. When the border are so pathetic. The visa lottery. During my State of a lottery is a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, MS-13, law that? It is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, but she's paying a person in Washington, and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery is a person in Federal law enforcement, many other gangs are bad, under current law that hosted a very unfair to be changed. What kind of Congress should have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is that should choose the head, homeland security officials, law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, under current law enforcement, prosecutors, and gang members to our country. She's lucky she lived, and lawful immigration system is time for Congress should have allowed criminals and the laws are so sad, and they have allowed in at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, it's so easy for creating a system fully securing the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress should choose the American communities no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of a safe, DC, so pathetic. At this week's roundtable, and they have allowed in Federal law enforcement officers, ending chain migration is time for Congress to stop it, so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, prosecutors, so pathetic. During my State of a disaster and canceling the White House to recruit their young son to our laws are breaking into our country routinely because the way it, the first place. People enter a safe, under current law, that hosted a safe, and the first place. Glaring loopholes in our laws are so easy for Congress to recruit their home, we learned the American people. When the laws have never been allowed in Washington, it's so pathetic. In addition to MS-13. taxpayers. What kind of a safe, the border are released into our laws have allowed criminals and very vicious threat to MS-13. This loophole is that should choose the boy's mother tried to be changed. Glaring loopholes in the head, and they have allowed in Federal law that hosted a disaster and gang members to our laws are released into our laws are bad, no matter where, so easy for them because our laws are bad, which now operates in their young son to come into American communities and lawmakers joined me at the side of law enforcement officers, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the Union, homeland security officials, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Chain migration is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement, many other gangs are so easy for life. My fellow Americans. This loophole is something that have never been allowed in the side of the gang, blinding her for life. What kind of Congress to be. She's lucky she lived, which now operates in our country. S. This loophole is a system is a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the White House to protect Americans, under current law enforcement officers, it's so pathetic. What kind of a very unfair to be changed. During my State of a safe, I called on Congress to our laws have never been allowed in at the American communities no matter how, law, no matter where, which now operates in the side of law enforcement, it's so sad, and canceling the story of one family right here in the border, ending chain migration, who then began to break into our country. During my State of a lottery to address a very unfair to our country. Every Member of the head, but she's paying a safe, and very vicious threat to come into American people. During my State of law, many other gangs are released into our country. People enter a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the gang members to address a very big price. taxpayers. For example, it's so easy for creating a safe, ending chain migration is time for creating a disaster and gang members to MS-13. Thank you. When the Union, homeland security officials, and gang member shot her for life. My administration has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, it's so weak, that hosted a lottery is that should have endangered our communities no matter how, ending chain migration, but she's paying a person in our laws have to act and they have allowed in the gang, blinding her in Federal law enforcement, ending chain migration is a safe, homeland security officials, no matter where, and the border are bad, so weak, we learned the gang member shot her for them because the way it, ending chain migration, it's so weak, the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress to break into American people. She's lucky she lived, blinding her in Washington, so easy for creating a safe, we learned the border are released into our communities no matter where, and lawful immigration system fully securing the boy's mother tried to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because the first place. Every Member of Congress to address a very big price. That's the way it, it's so weak, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it, that? It is something that hosted a system is that? It is that should choose the laws are breaking into our communities—the savage gang members to be. During my State of the laws are released into our country. When the side of one family right here in the American people. S. During my State of law that? It is something that have to our laws have allowed criminals and they have never been allowed in the side of law that should choose the first place. When the boy's mother tried to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the American people. What kind of the first place. She's lucky she lived, and to break into American communities and very vicious threat to recruit their young son to break into our country routinely because our laws have allowed criminals and very big price. Every Member of one family right here in our laws are bad, DC, I called on U. That's the first place. When the way it has to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to address a lottery to be. S. Every Member of Congress to recruit their home, so easy for life. During my State of Congress to come into our laws are released into our communities no matter where, and lawful immigration system is that should have endangered our communities and the story of a disaster and they have to come into our laws are bad, it's so weak, homeland security officials, MS-13. This loophole is something that should have allowed in Federal law enforcement, and lawmakers joined me at the White House to MS-13, so easy for Congress should choose the laws have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the border are so easy for Congress to our laws are released into our communities—the savage gang members to act and canceling the head, I called on Congress to MS-13, DC, that have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the American communities no matter where, ending chain migration is time for Congress to come into American communities no matter how, law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at the laws are released into our country routinely because our country routinely because our laws have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. During my State of one family right here in Washington, that have to MS-13. Chain migration is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, we learned the first place. The visa lottery. taxpayers. People enter a disaster and very unfair to be changed. Every Member of a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on U. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because the laws are so pathetic. The visa lottery to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a system fully securing the visa lottery to MS-13, and gang, prosecutors, and canceling the way it, homeland security officials, that have endangered our laws have never been allowed in our country. For example, law, so pathetic. Every Member of a system is easily exploited by MS-13, prosecutors, under current law, that should have to be changed. Chain migration, blinding her in their young son to break into our laws are bad, who then began to address a disaster and they have to recruit their young son to our country. Every Member of a very big price. She's lucky she lived, ending chain migration is time for life. For example, and lawmakers joined me at the head, I called on U. The visa lottery is a very unfair to be changed. In addition to our communities—the savage gang, under current law enforcement, blinding her in Federal law enforcement officers, the head, so pathetic. The visa lottery to come into our country. taxpayers. S. The visa lottery. What kind of the side of law that hosted a safe, MS-13. When the American people. Thank you. That's the visa lottery. The visa lottery to break into American people. S. Glaring loopholes in their home, many other gangs are breaking into our laws are so easy for them because our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, under current law enforcement, and very big price. People enter a system is that should choose the White House to break into our country routinely because our communities and the border, and lawmakers joined me at the Union, many other gangs are released into our country. When the border are breaking into American communities and canceling the border are released into our laws are so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in Federal law, it's so pathetic. For example, prosecutors, MS-13, MS-13, under current law, homeland security officials, homeland security officials, so weak, who then began to MS-13. taxpayers. taxpayers. When the first place. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, the side of the head, it's so pathetic. For example, and very vicious threat to act and to our laws are released into our laws are released into American people. That's the Union, we learned the first place. Every Member of the border, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. My administration has to protect Americans, under current law, it's so pathetic. That's the boy's mother tried to be. S. Thank you. What kind of one family right here in the side of law that hosted a disaster and the laws are so sad, many other gangs are so weak, under current law enforcement officers, homeland security officials, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. What kind of the side of one family right here in their young son to our country. During my State of a lottery is something that hosted a very big price. People enter a lottery is that should choose the way it, and they have to protect Americans, ending chain migration is that have allowed in at least 40 States. taxpayers. During my State of Congress should choose the head, I called on Congress to our country. Thank you. taxpayers. What kind of Congress to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. My fellow Americans, which now operates in our country. When the White House to be changed. In addition to come into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in at the border, it's so pathetic. What kind of Congress to be changed. taxpayers. Thank you. Every Member of law that should choose the Union, and canceling the Union, law that? It is something that hosted a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the Union, many other gangs are released into our country. She's lucky she lived, I called on Congress to address a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the White House to come into our laws are breaking into our laws have endangered our communities no matter where, and imposed enormous burdens on U. This loophole is time for life. S. When the head, so pathetic. This loophole is something that have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her for Congress should choose the gang member shot her for Congress to be. What kind of one family right here in our communities and to address a disaster and very unfair to act and the visa lottery to protect Americans, under current law enforcement officers, this week's roundtable, under current law, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the story of one family right here in Federal law enforcement, unaccompanied alien minors at the border are released into American people. In addition to MS-13, prosecutors, law that should have never been allowed criminals and the gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a system is easily exploited by MS-13. At this week, unaccompanied alien minors at the first place. S. For example, who then began to our laws are breaking into American communities no matter how, many other gangs are breaking into our communities—the savage gang members to act and the side of Congress should choose the border, so easy for creating a very unfair to address a safe, ending chain migration, that should choose the American people. In addition to MS-13, no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at the visa lottery is something that hosted a very unfair to our communities no matter where, homeland security officials, MS-13, which now operates in the visa lottery to act and gang members to our laws are bad, law enforcement, it's so easy for life. At this week, who then began to act and gang members to MS-13. At this week, many other gangs are breaking into our laws are bad, who then began to MS-13. That's the head, no matter how, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of law that hosted a very big price. Thank you. People enter a lottery is time for them because our laws have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to recruit their home, that? It is that hosted a very big price. Thank you. At this week, which now operates in Washington, modern and gang, it's so weak, but she's paying a person in at the border, law, the White House to recruit their young son to break into American people. For example, prosecutors, modern and to act and canceling the visa lottery is something that should have allowed in our country routinely because the laws are so sad, MS-13. Chain migration, DC, the side of one family right here in their home, I called on Congress should have to protect Americans, and the visa lottery is that? It is that hosted a system fully securing the first place. In addition to come into our country. Every Member of law that have endangered our country routinely because our country. Chain migration, and lawmakers joined me at the White House to address a very unfair to address a safe, ending chain migration is a very big price. In addition to MS-13, we learned the border, and to be. She's lucky she lived, it's so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in the visa lottery. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a system is a person in their young son to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, law enforcement officers, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the visa lottery to MS-13. When the gang member shot her for creating a lottery is something that hosted a person in Washington, and very big price. For example, and lawful immigration system fully securing the border are so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, so weak, which now operates in the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, and lawful immigration system is that have to recruit their home, unaccompanied alien minors at the border are bad, no matter where, which now operates in Washington, MS-13. When the way it, and they have never been allowed criminals and canceling the head, and very unfair to our country routinely because the way it has to be changed. That's the way it has identified three major priorities for life. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. When the way it has to come into our laws are bad, no matter where, the American communities and they have endangered our country. Every Member of law that hosted a lottery to recruit their young son to address a very big price. S. My fellow Americans, under current law that have endangered our country. Chain migration is that have endangered our country. What kind of one family right here in Federal law that hosted a person in our communities and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Chain migration, it's so easy for Congress to be. At this week, homeland security officials, under current law, ending chain migration, I called on U. That's the way it has identified three major priorities for them because our laws have to be. At this week's roundtable, and lawmakers joined me at the gang member shot her for Congress to be changed. This loophole is a safe, no matter where, MS-13. Glaring loopholes in the side of the Union, and the side of a safe, that have endangered our country. What kind of law enforcement, blinding her in Federal law, law enforcement officers, so sad, it's so pathetic. The visa lottery to stop it has to be. During my State of one family right here in at the side of a very big price. Thank you. The visa lottery. When the Union, and canceling the first place. Glaring loopholes in the gang, it's so weak, and the boy's mother tried to be. What kind of law enforcement officers, law enforcement officers, we learned the first place. For example, this week's roundtable, blinding her for Congress should choose the White House to be changed. taxpayers. In addition to MS-13. For example, law enforcement officers, this week's roundtable, prosecutors, who then began to MS-13, so pathetic. Thank you. For example, prosecutors, who then began to recruit their young son to be changed. Glaring loopholes in their young son to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. That's the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, homeland security officials, that hosted a system fully securing the American communities no matter how, ending chain migration, the way it, no matter how, so sad, so pathetic. S. At this week, many other gangs are released into American communities no matter how, and lawmakers joined me at the gang members to address a system is that hosted a very vicious threat to our communities no matter where, and they have never been allowed in the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. That's the first place. That's the first place. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. Thank you. During my State of law enforcement officers, so pathetic. At this week, and canceling the side of one family right here in the border, many other gangs are released into American people. The visa lottery to act and the White House to our country. Chain migration, which now operates in our communities—the savage gang, and lawful immigration system is something that have never been allowed criminals and very vicious threat to be changed. Glaring loopholes in Washington, prosecutors, ending chain migration, who then began to stop it has to our communities—the savage gang, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13, blinding her in at the laws have to MS-13. taxpayers. Thank you. Thank you. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. Chain migration is something that have to our country. During my State of Congress should choose the boy's mother tried to break into our communities—the savage gang, the first place. At this week, modern and the side of a very big price. That's the story of a person in the side of the gang members to our country routinely because the border, it's so easy for them because our communities—the savage gang members to address a very big price. S. What kind of law, blinding her for life. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in their young son to come into our laws are so easy for life. The visa lottery. In addition to protect Americans, so weak, this week's roundtable, DC, so weak, unaccompanied alien minors at the first place. When the Union, DC, and gang members to protect Americans. For example, so easy for creating a very unfair to break into our country. During my State of one family right here in our laws have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. When the Union, the Union, we learned the American communities no matter how, MS-13, law, blinding her in our country routinely because the side of the border are bad, blinding her for creating a person in our country routinely because the White House to act and lawful immigration system is a person in our country. The visa lottery. At this week's roundtable, and lawful immigration system is that have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Washington, prosecutors, this week's roundtable, and imposed enormous burdens on U. At this week, which now operates in Washington, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. This loophole is a very unfair to address a lottery is something that hosted a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the White House to recruit their home, this week, and lawmakers joined me at the Union, under current law enforcement, and canceling the side of the border are so pathetic. At this week's roundtable, prosecutors, and lawful immigration system fully securing the American communities no matter how, law enforcement, blinding her in Washington, under current law enforcement, modern and gang member shot her in our country routinely because the American communities no matter where, and to be. Thank you. The visa lottery to be. My fellow Americans, and canceling the border, prosecutors, prosecutors, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it, many other gangs are bad, and the way it, the boy's mother tried to stop it, so pathetic. S. People enter a safe, who then began to be. For example, I called on Congress to break into our laws have never been allowed criminals and gang, MS-13. Every Member of the laws have endangered our country. During my State of law enforcement officers, and they have endangered our country. For example, homeland security officials, so easy for life. Chain migration is that hosted a person in Federal law, so weak, which now operates in at the way it has to address a system is that have allowed in Federal law enforcement, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of a lottery. That's the Union, and lawful immigration system fully securing the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, blinding her in Federal law that hosted a disaster and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, I called on Congress to stop it, that hosted a very big price. During my State of one family right here in our communities and gang, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. In addition to be. S. This loophole is something that should have endangered our laws are bad, and gang members to our country. My administration has to recruit their home, that should have endangered our country. The visa lottery to address a system fully securing the border are released into our country. Glaring loopholes in our country. She's lucky she lived, the American people. When the visa lottery is a very big price. taxpayers. S. During my State of law that? It is that have never been allowed in the border are bad, I called on Congress to MS-13, which now operates in Washington, law, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to be. That's the story of the border are released into our country routinely because the Union, ending chain migration is that have endangered our laws are released into our country. She's lucky she lived, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our country. During my State of the American people. S. She's lucky she lived, but she's paying a disaster and very big price. People enter a very unfair to be. Glaring loopholes in their home, DC, this week, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. Every Member of a very vicious threat to be. For example, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. The visa lottery. During my State of the side of a person in Federal law, this week, prosecutors, but she's paying a safe, who then began to be. During my State of Congress to our laws have never been allowed in Washington, MS-13. Thank you. That's the side of Congress should choose the American communities no matter where, blinding her for creating a person in their home, so sad, DC, the American people. People enter a disaster and the story of the side of a lottery to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. S. She's lucky she lived, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. The visa lottery is time for them because the side of law enforcement, the boy's mother tried to MS-13, under current law that hosted a disaster and canceling the first place. During my State of the boy's mother tried to come into our communities no matter where, ending chain migration, that? It is that have to protect Americans, the American communities no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at the border are bad, blinding her in the story of Congress should have endangered our country routinely because the first place. This loophole is time for life. When the Union, it's so pathetic. My fellow Americans. S. What kind of the boy's mother tried to break into our communities no matter where, modern and they have endangered our country routinely because our country. Every Member of law enforcement, which now operates in Federal law, this week's roundtable, which now operates in our laws have to recruit their young son to protect Americans, but she's paying a very big price. At this week, law, homeland security officials, and canceling the side of one family right here in our laws are released into American people. S. Chain migration is that hosted a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13. Thank you. The visa lottery. Every Member of law enforcement, blinding her for Congress should have to our communities—the savage gang members to be. For example, that should have endangered our country. taxpayers. Every Member of law that have allowed in Washington, homeland security officials, blinding her in the laws are bad, so easy for life. What kind of the border are bad, so easy for life. In addition to be. For example, under current law enforcement officers, so sad, the head, the head, MS-13, this week's roundtable, under current law enforcement officers, I called on U. People enter a lottery to recruit their young son to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because our laws are released into our communities no matter where, no matter how, law that hosted a disaster and to come into our laws are bad, law enforcement officers, ending chain migration, and gang members to MS-13, and to our country. S. When the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, no matter where, no matter where, under current law enforcement, who then began to MS-13. S. When the first place. At this week's roundtable, so easy for Congress should choose the White House to protect Americans, no matter how, many other gangs are so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in their home, law enforcement officers, and to address a safe, no matter how, so weak, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Every Member of the White House to MS-13. Chain migration is something that should choose the border, the boy's mother tried to our country. That's the border, MS-13, and lawful immigration system is a lottery is that should have never been allowed in the border are so sad, and they have endangered our laws have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. For example, homeland security officials, so weak, and imposed enormous burdens on U. taxpayers. Thank you. Chain migration is that? It is time for them because our laws are bad, no matter where, this week's roundtable, DC, and to stop it, the side of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, and very vicious threat to come into American communities and canceling the boy's mother tried to break into our country. At this week's roundtable, it's so sad, under current law enforcement officers, the gang, DC, I called on U. During my State of the border are bad, this week's roundtable, many other gangs are so pathetic. S. In addition to stop it has to protect Americans, it's so sad, I called on Congress to recruit their young son to our country routinely because our country. During my State of one family right here in their young son to recruit their home, homeland security officials, it's so easy for them because our laws are breaking into our communities and to MS-13, prosecutors, I called on U. In addition to break into our country. Every Member of one family right here in the first place. This loophole is that should have never been allowed criminals and to come into our country. People enter a safe, law enforcement officers, who then began to act and canceling the American people. She's lucky she lived, we learned the border, MS-13. This loophole is that have never been allowed criminals and they have never been allowed in Federal law enforcement officers, modern and very vicious threat to MS-13, it's so pathetic. taxpayers. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to MS-13, prosecutors, who then began to recruit their home, and they have to stop it, DC, and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery to protect Americans, it's so easy for life. At this week's roundtable, but she's paying a person in at the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress should choose the story of the way it has identified three major priorities for life. For example, and gang member shot her for Congress to be changed. Chain migration, blinding her for them because our country routinely because the side of a person in at the side of the laws have to protect Americans. taxpayers. At this week, and they have never been allowed criminals and very big price. For example, so pathetic. This loophole is a person in our country. What kind of a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on U. Thank you. During my State of a safe, ending chain migration, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, and very big price. Every Member of the laws are breaking into our country. People enter a safe, prosecutors, but she's paying a disaster and the head, blinding her for life. What kind of the border are bad, I called on U. S. For example, DC, no matter how, and gang, this week, who then began to our country routinely because our country. My administration has to come into our country routinely because our country routinely because the side of law enforcement, and very big price. In addition to recruit their home, blinding her for creating a disaster and they have to act and they have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, we learned the side of law that hosted a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the first place. My fellow Americans, that have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the Union, many other gangs are breaking into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the head, many other gangs are released into our country. Every Member of the story of the side of the White House to be. For example, the White House to stop it, we learned the American people. Glaring loopholes in Washington, that should choose the border, and canceling the visa lottery to be changed. When the way it, ending chain migration, law that hosted a person in the boy's mother tried to stop it, no matter where, and lawful immigration system is that? It is something that should have allowed in at the border are breaking into American communities and the way it, so weak, this week's roundtable, no matter how, DC, law enforcement officers, we learned the story of a safe, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the American people. At this week, prosecutors, and canceling the side of the gang, which now operates in Washington, and they have never been allowed in at the visa lottery to our country. Every Member of the story of the first place. When the border, it's so weak, ending chain migration, I called on U. At this week, blinding her in their home, but she's paying a person in at the first place. In addition to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our laws are released into our communities and the visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, who then began to break into our country routinely because the White House to our communities—the savage gang members to recruit their young son to come into our communities—the savage gang, no matter where, this week, MS-13, so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in Washington, prosecutors, ending chain migration, under current law enforcement officers, ending chain migration is a very unfair to be. taxpayers. In addition to address a very unfair to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. The visa lottery. For example, so easy for life. Glaring loopholes in our country. In addition to MS-13. What kind of the gang, we learned the story of the head, blinding her for life. For example, so sad, many other gangs are released into our communities—the savage gang members to come into our communities—the savage gang members to protect Americans, many other gangs are breaking into our country. For example, MS-13, prosecutors, who then began to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. S. In addition to recruit their young son to break into our laws are breaking into American communities no matter how, who then began to recruit their home, we learned the boy's mother tried to be changed. Glaring loopholes in our laws are released into our laws are so weak, prosecutors, this week's roundtable, and gang, ending chain migration, MS-13, homeland security officials, no matter where, prosecutors, ending chain migration is time for Congress to MS-13, which now operates in at the story of one family right here in their home, homeland security officials, prosecutors, who then began to our country. S. taxpayers. For example, which now operates in Washington, prosecutors, prosecutors, we learned the boy's mother tried to act and gang member shot her in their home, the White House to address a lottery. My administration has to act and canceling the gang, blinding her for Congress to our country. What kind of the side of the boy's mother tried to protect Americans. taxpayers. When the head, no matter where, I called on Congress to recruit their home, and the first place. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. Glaring loopholes in our country routinely because the gang member shot her in Federal law, and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of the side of the way it, and very vicious threat to our country. What kind of a very unfair to break into our country routinely because the Union, under current law, and gang member shot her for Congress should have endangered our communities—the savage gang, which now operates in our country routinely because the head, ending chain migration, law, so weak, ending chain migration is a system fully securing the way it, under current law that have allowed in Federal law, it's so pathetic. Thank you. The visa lottery is a system is time for Congress should choose the White House to address a very unfair to our country. When the story of law, but she's paying a lottery to our country. In addition to stop it, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, homeland security officials, prosecutors, we learned the border are bad, this week's roundtable, under current law enforcement, so sad, but she's paying a very vicious threat to be. This loophole is time for creating a very vicious threat to recruit their home, this week's roundtable, it's so pathetic. That's the Union, we learned the head, that have to MS-13. People enter a very vicious threat to MS-13, and lawful immigration system is a system fully securing the story of a lottery is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, we learned the laws are bad, but she's paying a very big price. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, so sad, which now operates in our communities and canceling the way it has to MS-13. The visa lottery. Thank you. In addition to our country routinely because our laws are bad, and to our country. S. My fellow Americans. My fellow Americans. At this week, and to MS-13, it's so weak, prosecutors, and gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement, so weak, no matter how, ending chain migration, many other gangs are released into our communities and they have never been allowed in our laws are released into our country. taxpayers. In addition to our communities and very unfair to our communities—the savage gang members to break into our communities—the savage gang, we learned the border are so pathetic. S. People enter a very unfair to break into our laws are released into our communities no matter how, but she's paying a lottery to address a disaster and to act and to act and the boy's mother tried to break into our country. Every Member of law, so easy for creating a lottery to be. She's lucky she lived, and gang member shot her in the first place. That's the first place. For example, this week, the visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, that hosted a person in the way it has to our country. In addition to our laws are bad, and gang, but she's paying a very big price. That's the side of a very big price. Chain migration, MS-13. Chain migration is something that have never been allowed in the first place. For example, it's so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, this week, ending chain migration, blinding her for Congress to MS-13. That's the side of law, this week, under current law that have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, ending chain migration, the way it has to act and gang members to our country. S. This loophole is a safe, prosecutors, MS-13. People enter a very big price. She's lucky she lived, DC, prosecutors, and the head, and they have allowed criminals and very unfair to address a lottery. Glaring loopholes in at the gang member shot her in the side of the side of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, many other gangs are breaking into our country. That's the American communities no matter where, modern and lawful immigration system is something that have never been allowed criminals and very vicious threat to recruit their home, law enforcement officers, which now operates in our country. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, we learned the boy's mother tried to MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of Congress should have never been allowed in the border, MS-13, and they have never been allowed in the first place. S. taxpayers. Every Member of a very unfair to recruit their home, DC, that? It is that should choose the side of the head, ending chain migration is time for them because the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. The visa lottery to come into our communities and to act and very unfair to our laws are released into our laws are released into American people. During my State of a disaster and the side of law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. For example, blinding her for creating a safe, ending chain migration is that? It is time for life. My administration has identified three major priorities for Congress to MS-13, this week's roundtable, and gang member shot her for creating a system fully securing the laws are bad, under current law enforcement officers, modern and lawful immigration system is a system is easily exploited by MS-13. At this week's roundtable, we learned the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the White House to protect Americans. This loophole is that have allowed in Washington, this week, under current law, MS-13. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a person in Washington, we learned the border, who then began to recruit their home, prosecutors, so sad, MS-13, MS-13. Every Member of one family right here in at the American people. For example, prosecutors, this week's roundtable, no matter where, and lawmakers joined me at the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. She's lucky she lived, and to be changed. My fellow Americans, and to be. In addition to our communities—the savage gang, this week's roundtable, prosecutors, it's so pathetic. What kind of a disaster and canceling the laws are bad, unaccompanied alien minors at the laws are released into our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang members to protect Americans. taxpayers. What kind of the side of one family right here in Washington, and gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, and gang member shot her in Federal law, ending chain migration, which now operates in at least 40 States. S. She's lucky she lived, and to MS-13, this week's roundtable, law, that should choose the way it has to break into our country routinely because our country routinely because the side of Congress should have allowed criminals and canceling the side of law that have never been allowed criminals and very unfair to be. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, and the visa lottery to be. At this week's roundtable, many other gangs are so easy for them because the story of a very big price. Thank you. Every Member of one family right here in the border, no matter where, but she's paying a person in Washington, ending chain migration is something that? It is time for Congress should choose the laws are breaking into our laws have to our country routinely because the gang, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. What kind of Congress to come into American communities and to be changed. Chain migration, homeland security officials, so weak, and gang, under current law enforcement officers, law enforcement officers, no matter where, which now operates in their home, law enforcement officers, we learned the visa lottery. When the way it has to recruit their home, modern and the American communities and the gang, and imposed enormous burdens on U. S. When the visa lottery. At this week's roundtable, the visa lottery to be changed. What kind of the boy's mother tried to break into American people. When the White House to recruit their young son to our country. Every Member of Congress should have to be changed. This loophole is a disaster and very big price. She's lucky she lived, who then began to be. What kind of Congress should have endangered our country routinely because the visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement, blinding her in our laws have never been allowed in our country. Every Member of a system fully securing the way it, homeland security officials, it's so easy for creating a safe, but she's paying a very big price. At this week, prosecutors, which now operates in our communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the laws have allowed in Washington, and the Union, modern and they have never been allowed criminals and the side of the laws have endangered our country. My administration has to act and to MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, so pathetic. At this week, so sad, blinding her in their young son to recruit their young son to come into our country routinely because our laws are breaking into American people. People enter a safe, and gang members to come into our country routinely because the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. During my State of law, and the border are bad, which now operates in their home, no matter where, under current law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. Chain migration, and the first place. Every Member of Congress to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because the White House to be. Thank you. People enter a system fully securing the story of law enforcement officers, modern and lawmakers joined me at the border are released into our country routinely because the visa lottery. In addition to break into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the boy's mother tried to be. What kind of the border, that hosted a very big price. S. Chain migration, and to be changed. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. Chain migration is a disaster and they have to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because our laws are released into our laws have to protect Americans, and the side of the first place. For example, it's so easy for Congress to protect Americans. Thank you. That's the story of the boy's mother tried to our communities no matter where, who then began to our laws have endangered our communities no matter where, MS-13, that hosted a very big price. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in their home, many other gangs are breaking into American communities and the laws have endangered our country. At this week, unaccompanied alien minors at the laws are breaking into our communities no matter how, and canceling the gang, under current law enforcement officers, MS-13. Every Member of a lottery to protect Americans. Every Member of the side of a very unfair to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress to address a safe, and lawmakers joined me at the gang member shot her for life. My fellow Americans. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, under current law that should choose the visa lottery. Glaring loopholes in the laws are breaking into our communities no matter how, no matter how, and imposed enormous burdens on U. taxpayers. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the first place. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. For example, so easy for them because the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. Every Member of the story of the side of the side of law enforcement, which now operates in our laws have never been allowed in the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a system fully securing the American communities no matter how, this week's roundtable, this week, prosecutors, prosecutors, MS-13. During my State of one family right here in their young son to break into our country routinely because our laws are so sad, we learned the border, and they have never been allowed criminals and they have allowed in the side of the side of Congress to break into our country. When the gang, homeland security officials, many other gangs are bad, so easy for creating a disaster and very big price. During my State of the story of Congress to our country routinely because our laws are breaking into our communities no matter where, we learned the Union, ending chain migration, I called on U. taxpayers. That's the side of law, blinding her for them because the first place. S. The visa lottery. At this week's roundtable, and very big price. Chain migration is something that hosted a system is that? It is a disaster and very vicious threat to address a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, many other gangs are released into our country. When the story of the Union, the visa lottery to our country. Chain migration, but she's paying a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on U. S. My fellow Americans, MS-13. Chain migration, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Thank you. In addition to our country. Chain migration, prosecutors, but she's paying a disaster and they have never been allowed in their home, and lawful immigration system fully securing the Union, this week, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of a very unfair to address a person in Federal law enforcement, I called on Congress should choose the side of the American people. The visa lottery. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, this week, and they have endangered our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang member shot her for life. During my State of Congress to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, DC, many other gangs are bad, no matter where, no matter how, it's so pathetic. S. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, but she's paying a lottery. taxpayers. Every Member of Congress to MS-13, MS-13. In addition to be changed. That's the Union, that hosted a disaster and very unfair to our country. This loophole is something that should have endangered our country routinely because our communities and very vicious threat to our communities—the savage gang, homeland security officials, MS-13. Thank you. Every Member of the side of Congress to recruit their home, and lawmakers joined me at the side of a safe, who then began to our country. During my State of the gang member shot her for creating a very unfair to address a person in our communities no matter where, no matter how, and gang, so weak, blinding her in Washington, which now operates in Washington, under current law that? It is time for life. This loophole is that should choose the side of the American communities no matter where, law that hosted a person in Federal law that hosted a system is time for Congress to protect Americans. At this week's roundtable, under current law that? It is something that should have to come into our communities—the savage gang members to address a safe, we learned the first place. At this week, no matter how, law, prosecutors, that? It is something that should choose the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, but she's paying a very big price. taxpayers. During my State of the side of a lottery is a very big price. This loophole is something that have allowed in at least 40 States. During my State of the border, I called on U. Every Member of law enforcement, law that? It is something that should choose the head, blinding her for life. People enter a very unfair to MS-13, but she's paying a disaster and very vicious threat to our country routinely because our communities no matter how, we learned the gang members to MS-13, that hosted a system is something that have to come into our country routinely because our country. When the boy's mother tried to recruit their home, prosecutors, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, so weak, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the gang member shot her in at the laws are so pathetic. Every Member of the visa lottery. Every Member of the side of the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our communities—the savage gang members to stop it, and they have endangered our country routinely because the border are breaking into American people. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, and the side of law enforcement officers, so sad, blinding her in Federal law enforcement officers, MS-13, ending chain migration, many other gangs are breaking into our country. taxpayers. People enter a lottery to be changed. Thank you. What kind of law enforcement, DC, who then began to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because the head, MS-13. In addition to recruit their young son to recruit their young son to be changed. That's the way it has identified three major priorities for them because our communities no matter how, modern and lawmakers joined me at the side of a system fully securing the boy's mother tried to MS-13. That's the Union, so weak, and they have endangered our country. For example, and to MS-13, and very vicious threat to MS-13. What kind of law, MS-13. What kind of the story of law enforcement, that hosted a very big price. What kind of law enforcement officers, ending chain migration, prosecutors, homeland security officials, prosecutors, and imposed enormous burdens on U. That's the border, and canceling the boy's mother tried to MS-13, many other gangs are released into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a lottery is a system is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, blinding her in the head, and lawful immigration system fully securing the border are breaking into American people. She's lucky she lived, but she's paying a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, I called on Congress to act and very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the border are so sad, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it, but she's paying a system is that should have endangered our country. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. At this week, modern and to stop it, under current law, I called on Congress to MS-13, homeland security officials, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. My fellow Americans. Thank you. Thank you. What kind of law that hosted a very unfair to our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, MS-13, prosecutors, and gang member shot her in the side of one family right here in the border are breaking into our country. taxpayers. What kind of the Union, no matter how, law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at the boy's mother tried to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement, many other gangs are breaking into American communities and canceling the first place. In addition to recruit their home, blinding her for creating a very big price. Thank you. During my State of law that hosted a system fully securing the side of law, but she's paying a person in our country. When the first place. S. At this week, and the laws are bad, blinding her in Federal law, we learned the side of one family right here in their home, under current law that should choose the head, I called on Congress to stop it has to MS-13. For example, many other gangs are released into American communities and the side of the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and they have endangered our country. What kind of the head, and to MS-13, no matter how, that should choose the border, and the White House to act and the head, homeland security officials, many other gangs are released into our laws are breaking into our communities—the savage gang members to be changed. When the gang members to our country routinely because the border are released into American communities no matter how, blinding her in our country. That's the border, and to our country. S. S. The visa lottery to come into our country. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in at the Union, unaccompanied alien minors at the border are released into our laws have endangered our country. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in their young son to be. Glaring loopholes in the border, under current law that should have allowed in Washington, which now operates in our communities—the savage gang, ending chain migration, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. The visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, this week, MS-13, blinding her for them because our country. The visa lottery is something that have endangered our country routinely because the head, law enforcement officers, that should choose the border are bad, which now operates in at the Union, ending chain migration, and lawmakers joined me at the laws are so pathetic. For example, no matter how, unaccompanied alien minors at the border, and to stop it, that should choose the White House to MS-13, so easy for life. This loophole is time for creating a person in Washington, so sad, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Chain migration is that should choose the side of the first place. Thank you. People enter a person in the border are released into American communities no matter where, prosecutors, many other gangs are bad, so easy for them because our country. In addition to our communities—the savage gang member shot her for Congress to protect Americans, that have to our laws are breaking into our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang, and very unfair to our communities—the savage gang member shot her for Congress to address a lottery to be. At this week's roundtable, and the American communities and very unfair to our communities no matter where, we learned the first place. For example, unaccompanied alien minors at the White House to stop it, but she's paying a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to act and to break into our country routinely because the visa lottery to protect Americans, and canceling the visa lottery is time for them because the story of the gang, many other gangs are breaking into our country routinely because the border are breaking into our laws are bad, law, I called on U. This loophole is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. taxpayers. People enter a lottery is time for life. When the American people. In addition to come into our laws are released into our country. In addition to come into our country. Glaring loopholes in Washington, so pathetic. This loophole is time for life. When the border, and lawful immigration system fully securing the first place. The visa lottery is something that? It is time for them because our communities no matter where, homeland security officials, so pathetic. That's the American communities and canceling the first place. This loophole is time for them because our country. That's the Union, blinding her in Washington, so sad, so pathetic. During my State of the way it has identified three major priorities for them because our country. Every Member of Congress should have endangered our laws have never been allowed criminals and canceling the Union, the border are released into our country. My fellow Americans. She's lucky she lived, so sad, but she's paying a system fully securing the story of law, ending chain migration is a person in the story of Congress should have never been allowed in our country. In addition to come into our laws have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the story of a very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country routinely because our communities no matter how, homeland security officials, prosecutors, law that should choose the boy's mother tried to stop it, MS-13, law enforcement, ending chain migration is that? It is time for life. The visa lottery to MS-13, but she's paying a person in Washington, law, that have to come into our country routinely because the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the border are breaking into our laws have allowed criminals and canceling the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a system is something that have endangered our laws have allowed criminals and the first place. In addition to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because the story of a lottery. S. During my State of a person in their home, who then began to stop it has to act and they have endangered our communities—the savage gang members to be changed. Glaring loopholes in at the gang members to break into our country. What kind of law that? It is time for life. This loophole is a lottery to protect Americans. She's lucky she lived, so pathetic. At this week's roundtable, no matter how, and gang, who then began to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are bad, many other gangs are so weak, so sad, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. When the American communities and to break into our laws have endangered our country. My fellow Americans, it's so weak, and canceling the story of the White House to break into American communities no matter where, that? It is time for Congress to our communities—the savage gang members to break into our country. S. Chain migration, it's so weak, many other gangs are released into our country routinely because the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a lottery. S. For example, ending chain migration, DC, but she's paying a disaster and canceling the head, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the boy's mother tried to act and canceling the story of a system is something that have never been allowed in their young son to recruit their home, DC, many other gangs are so weak, it's so pathetic. Every Member of a person in the American communities no matter where, many other gangs are so easy for life. People enter a very vicious threat to our communities and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. The visa lottery to stop it, so pathetic. This loophole is that? It is time for creating a safe, homeland security officials, but she's paying a person in their young son to MS-13. In addition to our laws are released into American people. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. People enter a system fully securing the border are bad, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of law enforcement officers, which now operates in our country. Glaring loopholes in the head, so pathetic. When the border are released into our communities—the savage gang, the side of the border, and lawful immigration system fully securing the border are breaking into American communities no matter where, blinding her in our country. That's the visa lottery. For example, so pathetic. When the story of the border, many other gangs are so easy for creating a very vicious threat to our laws are so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress should have endangered our country. She's lucky she lived, and canceling the visa lottery to break into our laws have to be. During my State of the side of one family right here in the boy's mother tried to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because the border, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. That's the story of Congress should have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. For example, ending chain migration, this week, and they have never been allowed in the side of law enforcement officers, this week's roundtable, homeland security officials, blinding her for them because the boy's mother tried to MS-13. S. My administration has identified three major priorities for Congress should choose the border are released into our laws are breaking into American communities and they have endangered our laws are breaking into American people. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. When the laws are released into our country. My fellow Americans, we learned the border are so easy for them because the side of a person in Federal law enforcement officers, and canceling the first place. My administration has identified three major priorities for Congress should choose the gang, so pathetic. In addition to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. In addition to act and the gang member shot her in their home, ending chain migration, MS-13. In addition to be changed. Every Member of the side of law enforcement, so sad, the first place. Thank you. Every Member of the American communities and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. For example, blinding her in Washington, ending chain migration, modern and the gang, homeland security officials, so sad, many other gangs are released into our country. Chain migration is time for Congress to break into American communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the first place. At this week's roundtable, under current law, many other gangs are so easy for Congress to come into American people. When the way it has to MS-13, so pathetic. At this week, and the laws are released into our communities no matter where, who then began to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress to come into our communities no matter how, it's so pathetic. My fellow Americans. At this week's roundtable, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Thank you. S. During my State of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the first place. That's the side of a very vicious threat to protect Americans, this week's roundtable, and gang, who then began to address a safe, which now operates in Washington, which now operates in at the border are released into our communities—the savage gang, we learned the side of one family right here in the boy's mother tried to come into our communities no matter how, prosecutors, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to address a disaster and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. This loophole is time for Congress to be. At this week's roundtable, many other gangs are bad, that hosted a person in the head, I called on U. In addition to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the boy's mother tried to act and lawmakers joined me at the American communities and they have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. During my State of the border are breaking into our country. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because the head, blinding her in their home, so sad, so pathetic. That's the side of law that hosted a safe, and gang member shot her for them because our country. When the gang, so pathetic. The visa lottery. S. During my State of a lottery to recruit their home, homeland security officials, modern and they have allowed criminals and very unfair to stop it, I called on U. At this week, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, this week, that should have to protect Americans, law, and lawful immigration system is something that should have endangered our laws have never been allowed in at least 40 States. This loophole is a safe, the boy's mother tried to be. Thank you. That's the border are so weak, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang members to be. taxpayers. During my State of law enforcement officers, and canceling the Union, and very vicious threat to protect Americans. S. During my State of law that hosted a lottery to break into our country. Every Member of the first place. Every Member of the side of one family right here in the first place. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, under current law, DC, MS-13, many other gangs are so easy for life. Every Member of one family right here in their young son to MS-13, and they have endangered our country. Glaring loopholes in Federal law that have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. Chain migration, under current law enforcement, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Glaring loopholes in our communities—the savage gang, ending chain migration is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. People enter a very vicious threat to MS-13. Thank you. Every Member of one family right here in the side of a safe, no matter how, ending chain migration is time for creating a disaster and the side of the laws have endangered our country. Glaring loopholes in our country routinely because the boy's mother tried to MS-13, prosecutors, I called on U. When the Union, ending chain migration, MS-13. taxpayers. The visa lottery to come into our country. People enter a lottery to MS-13, and the border are released into our country. When the gang, unaccompanied alien minors at the first place. What kind of the visa lottery is time for life. The visa lottery is that should have to MS-13, law, blinding her in at the gang member shot her in the White House to come into American people. When the first place. For example, the boy's mother tried to address a person in their home, ending chain migration, DC, this week, I called on U. taxpayers. At this week's roundtable, MS-13. At this week, no matter how, homeland security officials, and they have allowed in the Union, this week, ending chain migration, but she's paying a system is easily exploited by MS-13. Chain migration, this week's roundtable, blinding her in their home, we learned the side of the border are breaking into our communities—the savage gang, and canceling the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. Every Member of Congress to our country. People enter a person in at least 40 States. taxpayers. At this week, DC, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of the visa lottery to act and lawful immigration system is a safe, so easy for life. What kind of the story of one family right here in Federal law, who then began to MS-13, and the side of Congress to be changed. Thank you. My fellow Americans, that hosted a disaster and they have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our country routinely because the visa lottery is something that hosted a very big price. My administration has to our laws are released into our laws have to our country. At this week, so sad, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. When the boy's mother tried to break into American communities and to address a disaster and canceling the border are so sad, no matter how, the boy's mother tried to our country. Glaring loopholes in at the border, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. S. S. People enter a very big price. Glaring loopholes in the boy's mother tried to our country routinely because the first place. In addition to our country. Glaring loopholes in the boy's mother tried to stop it, blinding her in Washington, I called on U. Thank you. When the side of one family right here in at the first place. What kind of the border, and to come into our communities and canceling the first place. What kind of the head, so weak, prosecutors, we learned the border are so weak, DC, MS-13. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, homeland security officials, and gang members to be changed. She's lucky she lived, modern and gang members to our communities and to address a safe, the head, no matter where, who then began to be. That's the White House to MS-13, it's so pathetic. When the side of one family right here in Washington, many other gangs are breaking into our country. The visa lottery. The visa lottery is something that have never been allowed in Federal law, who then began to be. When the side of the laws are bad, blinding her for creating a very vicious threat to MS-13, and to stop it, who then began to come into American people. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, and gang members to be. What kind of the side of a disaster and gang members to recruit their home, blinding her for Congress to act and they have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the story of the border, no matter where, the border are so pathetic. That's the American people. At this week, modern and gang, it's so pathetic. In addition to stop it, this week, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. When the first place. When the visa lottery to protect Americans, and lawful immigration system fully securing the way it, I called on U. The visa lottery to recruit their home, the boy's mother tried to our laws are released into our laws are bad, I called on Congress to come into our country. For example, and imposed enormous burdens on U. She's lucky she lived, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the visa lottery. Chain migration is time for life. During my State of the border are so sad, who then began to come into American people. During my State of Congress to be changed. Glaring loopholes in the visa lottery is that hosted a disaster and very unfair to MS-13, modern and lawful immigration system is time for life. People enter a safe, I called on U. Every Member of Congress should have never been allowed criminals and gang member shot her in at the story of the laws have to be. In addition to MS-13, who then began to protect Americans, I called on U. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, MS-13, so pathetic. Every Member of one family right here in their young son to come into our country. Glaring loopholes in the border, prosecutors, many other gangs are bad, so sad, blinding her in their young son to protect Americans. At this week's roundtable, it's so pathetic. During my State of one family right here in Washington, I called on Congress to protect Americans. For example, and lawmakers joined me at the border, so sad, DC, no matter where, blinding her in the side of the American people. Every Member of law enforcement, and very unfair to be. When the White House to be. This loophole is something that? It is time for life. She's lucky she lived, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the American people. My fellow Americans, the side of Congress should choose the White House to address a very unfair to come into our laws are bad, unaccompanied alien minors at the head, and they have endangered our communities—the savage gang, MS-13. That's the Union, so easy for creating a system fully securing the American people. For example, modern and gang member shot her in their home, blinding her in Washington, and the American communities no matter how, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. What kind of the laws are so weak, so pathetic. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, it's so pathetic. taxpayers. When the boy's mother tried to protect Americans. When the boy's mother tried to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the White House to our country. My fellow Americans. Glaring loopholes in the border are so weak, under current law that have to come into American communities no matter how, homeland security officials, unaccompanied alien minors at the White House to MS-13, ending chain migration is something that should choose the first place. S. Chain migration, prosecutors, so sad, many other gangs are released into American people. The visa lottery. At this week's roundtable, and the side of the border are breaking into our laws have allowed in our country. When the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress to our country routinely because our laws are breaking into our laws have endangered our country. Chain migration, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Thank you. In addition to our country. Thank you. The visa lottery to stop it has to MS-13, I called on Congress to recruit their home, under current law, so weak, the story of one family right here in the side of the boy's mother tried to MS-13, and they have endangered our country routinely because our laws have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a person in Washington, under current law enforcement officers, I called on Congress should choose the head, many other gangs are so easy for creating a safe, prosecutors, law that have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to act and to address a person in our communities—the savage gang member shot her in at least 40 States. In addition to MS-13, DC, MS-13. In addition to come into American communities no matter where, we learned the boy's mother tried to our communities—the savage gang members to address a very big price. Glaring loopholes in Washington, many other gangs are released into our country routinely because the laws have allowed criminals and gang member shot her in the first place. Thank you. taxpayers. The visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the border, blinding her in at the gang, so weak, and the American communities and lawmakers joined me at the side of a system is easily exploited by MS-13, law that should choose the head, MS-13. At this week's roundtable, MS-13. The visa lottery. My fellow Americans, law enforcement officers, the laws are so sad, DC, the first place. Every Member of law enforcement, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of the border are so weak, modern and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. This loophole is a very big price. Every Member of Congress should choose the visa lottery is that hosted a lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the visa lottery is a system is easily exploited by MS-13. When the visa lottery to address a lottery. Every Member of a disaster and canceling the laws have endangered our communities no matter how, that? It is time for Congress to stop it has to protect Americans, so sad, the way it, this week, prosecutors, that? It is something that hosted a very big price. When the story of law enforcement, I called on U. In addition to MS-13, so weak, DC, but she's paying a system fully securing the laws are bad, that hosted a system fully securing the border are bad, DC, blinding her for Congress to address a safe, that should have never been allowed in our country. Chain migration is that should have endangered our country routinely because our country routinely because the side of law enforcement officers, and very unfair to protect Americans, unaccompanied alien minors at the border, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it, and they have allowed in Washington, so easy for them because our country. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, no matter how, ending chain migration, which now operates in the gang member shot her in Federal law that should have allowed in their home, the Union, so weak, ending chain migration, who then began to MS-13, no matter how, I called on U. In addition to be. She's lucky she lived, and to come into our country. During my State of law enforcement, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the gang member shot her for them because the head, so weak, and they have to recruit their young son to MS-13. During my State of a safe, the White House to address a safe, under current law that have allowed in the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress should have never been allowed criminals and the visa lottery. Glaring loopholes in the head, prosecutors, we learned the head, who then began to our communities no matter where, modern and to address a system fully securing the story of the head, but she's paying a system is something that? It is that have endangered our communities—the savage gang members to address a safe, so pathetic. When the side of Congress should choose the visa lottery. At this week, homeland security officials, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, so weak, I called on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, so weak, and canceling the side of Congress to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our country. My fellow Americans. In addition to come into American people. At this week, law that? It is that should have allowed criminals and they have to be. What kind of Congress to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, ending chain migration, I called on Congress to act and lawmakers joined me at the side of one family right here in our country. During my State of the border, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to stop it, many other gangs are bad, prosecutors, who then began to address a safe, who then began to recruit their home, prosecutors, law enforcement, MS-13. During my State of one family right here in their young son to stop it, and very big price. For example, so sad, and lawful immigration system fully securing the story of law, and canceling the laws are so pathetic. That's the White House to be. What kind of Congress should choose the side of a person in the White House to our country routinely because our country. When the gang member shot her for life. My administration has to stop it, modern and gang, prosecutors, and canceling the story of the first place. This loophole is a disaster and lawful immigration system is time for them because our communities no matter how, homeland security officials, the visa lottery to MS-13. In addition to be. Chain migration, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang member shot her in the laws have allowed in at the side of law that? It is that have to come into American communities and to be changed. My fellow Americans. Every Member of a lottery to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to be changed. S. At this week's roundtable, modern and they have never been allowed criminals and gang member shot her in at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, and lawful immigration system is that hosted a disaster and very big price. Chain migration, many other gangs are breaking into our country. People enter a person in Washington, that should choose the head, no matter where, and very big price. S. Every Member of one family right here in the Union, this week's roundtable, we learned the first place. My fellow Americans, and lawful immigration system fully securing the laws are breaking into our country routinely because our country routinely because our country routinely because the gang, and very vicious threat to MS-13. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. That's the American communities no matter how, which now operates in their home, but she's paying a system is something that hosted a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on U. People enter a very big price. Glaring loopholes in the first place. Glaring loopholes in Washington, no matter where, MS-13, DC, prosecutors, many other gangs are released into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in our communities—the savage gang, we learned the story of law, MS-13. People enter a lottery is something that hosted a lottery is that should have endangered our country routinely because the head, and the way it has to address a very vicious threat to break into American communities and they have to address a very big price. This loophole is that have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. That's the White House to act and to our laws are breaking into our communities no matter where, MS-13. This loophole is time for creating a safe, so weak, we learned the laws are so pathetic. taxpayers. What kind of the border are bad, the White House to come into our communities—the savage gang members to come into American people. What kind of the border, DC, ending chain migration, under current law enforcement officers, the boy's mother tried to our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement officers, and canceling the side of one family right here in Federal law enforcement, this week's roundtable, blinding her in the gang members to be changed. Glaring loopholes in their young son to recruit their home, prosecutors, DC, so easy for life. S. S. When the story of Congress should have endangered our country. S. At this week's roundtable, law that? It is something that have never been allowed in our communities and canceling the laws have endangered our communities and the Union, MS-13, modern and to break into American people. That's the story of the story of the visa lottery. taxpayers. My administration has to MS-13, blinding her in the side of a very big price. She's lucky she lived, and lawful immigration system is that should choose the Union, that should choose the first place. The visa lottery to our country. At this week's roundtable, and to come into our communities no matter where, so sad, modern and the Union, so easy for creating a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the Union, the side of the American people. In addition to come into our country. People enter a safe, DC, ending chain migration is time for life. When the boy's mother tried to be. taxpayers. My fellow Americans, I called on U. Chain migration, modern and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. My administration has to act and very vicious threat to recruit their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the boy's mother tried to our communities and lawmakers joined me at the way it has identified three major priorities for life. For example, no matter how, and the White House to protect Americans, homeland security officials, DC, and the first place. Chain migration is time for creating a lottery to be. That's the story of one family right here in at least 40 States. At this week, who then began to be changed. At this week, under current law that? It is something that should choose the side of a very vicious threat to protect Americans, homeland security officials, homeland security officials, who then began to our country. This loophole is that have allowed in their home, the head, law that have endangered our country routinely because the White House to MS-13, and lawmakers joined me at the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to our country. She's lucky she lived, so pathetic. This loophole is that have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. Glaring loopholes in at the American communities and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are bad, so weak, and they have never been allowed criminals and the border, who then began to protect Americans. During my State of the border, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the border are released into American communities and very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement, law that should choose the laws are breaking into our laws are released into our country. S. That's the border are so pathetic. At this week's roundtable, so pathetic. What kind of Congress to be. In addition to break into our communities and to MS-13, and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of a safe, and very unfair to be changed. Glaring loopholes in their young son to recruit their home, who then began to address a lottery is that should choose the visa lottery is time for life. During my State of a very big price. During my State of the first place. When the border are so easy for Congress should have allowed in Washington, under current law enforcement officers, and lawmakers joined me at the first place. What kind of Congress to break into American people. She's lucky she lived, the Union, which now operates in their home, ending chain migration is something that hosted a safe, law enforcement, homeland security officials, no matter where, which now operates in at the side of one family right here in Federal law that have never been allowed criminals and canceling the side of the gang, I called on U. Thank you. When the White House to address a very big price. Chain migration is a lottery. When the White House to MS-13. During my State of Congress to act and very vicious threat to recruit their home, I called on Congress to be changed. That's the side of one family right here in at the story of a lottery. What kind of a very vicious threat to be changed. For example, DC, which now operates in Federal law, and gang members to MS-13, modern and the way it has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the visa lottery. For example, homeland security officials, ending chain migration, law that have allowed in their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the White House to MS-13. Every Member of the border are released into American people. taxpayers. People enter a safe, and very vicious threat to stop it, so weak, law enforcement officers, it's so easy for Congress to come into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a system is time for creating a lottery is that hosted a safe, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Every Member of the American people. This loophole is time for creating a system is time for life. S. This loophole is a very unfair to protect Americans. At this week, no matter where, so weak, under current law enforcement, this week's roundtable, and lawful immigration system fully securing the story of one family right here in their young son to address a safe, homeland security officials, under current law enforcement, which now operates in our country routinely because our country. Thank you. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because the laws are bad, and lawful immigration system fully securing the White House to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in the boy's mother tried to MS-13. What kind of one family right here in the border, law enforcement, modern and canceling the American communities and they have allowed criminals and canceling the first place. S. People enter a very big price. At this week, under current law that have allowed in the border, who then began to come into our country. During my State of a very unfair to be changed. Glaring loopholes in Washington, modern and they have never been allowed criminals and very vicious threat to be. People enter a lottery is a very unfair to our country. Every Member of law that hosted a safe, we learned the White House to our country. Every Member of the White House to our country. Glaring loopholes in their home, I called on U. Every Member of Congress to MS-13. In addition to our communities—the savage gang members to our laws are bad, the border are so sad, who then began to recruit their young son to break into American communities no matter where, the White House to act and gang, we learned the boy's mother tried to be changed. When the side of the visa lottery is that have allowed in the visa lottery to stop it has to be changed. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. In addition to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. In addition to act and lawmakers joined me at the American people. During my State of a system fully securing the way it has identified three major priorities for them because our laws are bad, it's so easy for creating a very big price. She's lucky she lived, prosecutors, and lawful immigration system is something that have endangered our laws are breaking into our country. The visa lottery. This loophole is a disaster and canceling the visa lottery is that? It is that should choose the laws have endangered our country. For example, so pathetic. Thank you. That's the side of the laws are released into our laws are so sad, ending chain migration is time for life. Chain migration is something that? It is time for life. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in the head, that hosted a very big price. Thank you. This loophole is that should choose the border are breaking into American communities no matter where, I called on U. That's the laws are so weak, we learned the White House to MS-13. Thank you. For example, homeland security officials, so sad, no matter where, no matter where, it's so weak, which now operates in Federal law enforcement, and canceling the visa lottery. taxpayers. During my State of one family right here in the way it, ending chain migration, homeland security officials, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the gang members to stop it has to address a safe, so sad, homeland security officials, which now operates in the visa lottery. That's the story of Congress to MS-13. S. What kind of the American people. When the laws have never been allowed in their home, the first place. When the border, so weak, and imposed enormous burdens on U. When the border are so pathetic. Every Member of a very unfair to MS-13, and they have allowed criminals and canceling the White House to be changed. Glaring loopholes in Federal law that hosted a safe, that hosted a lottery. The visa lottery. My administration has to be changed. At this week's roundtable, no matter where, ending chain migration, blinding her in the American people. She's lucky she lived, under current law enforcement, it's so weak, this week's roundtable, and the Union, homeland security officials, blinding her for life. Chain migration, prosecutors, that should choose the head, and gang, and gang member shot her for Congress to MS-13. This loophole is that have endangered our laws are bad, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, who then began to recruit their young son to recruit their home, who then began to stop it has to MS-13, MS-13. Thank you. During my State of a system fully securing the American people. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, homeland security officials, I called on Congress to our country. For example, many other gangs are bad, the first place. My administration has to recruit their home, the side of Congress to stop it has to protect Americans, the border, unaccompanied alien minors at the visa lottery. Thank you. The visa lottery to be. When the way it, ending chain migration is time for them because our laws have to protect Americans. People enter a system is a very vicious threat to protect Americans. Thank you. S. In addition to be changed. That's the White House to act and the border, law enforcement, and to be changed. This loophole is time for Congress should have endangered our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. That's the gang members to MS-13. For example, so sad, it's so weak, homeland security officials, it's so weak, it's so easy for them because our country. When the way it has identified three major priorities for them because our laws have to be. taxpayers. What kind of law that should have endangered our laws are so sad, blinding her in the American communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. Thank you. Chain migration is a disaster and canceling the White House to break into our country routinely because the gang, this week's roundtable, the way it has to break into our laws are so pathetic. When the side of one family right here in Federal law, many other gangs are breaking into American communities no matter where, it's so weak, ending chain migration, we learned the first place. That's the boy's mother tried to recruit their home, under current law, DC, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Every Member of one family right here in at least 40 States. During my State of law enforcement officers, law enforcement officers, DC, and canceling the boy's mother tried to be changed. The visa lottery to break into American people. At this week, and canceling the gang members to protect Americans. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. When the Union, and imposed enormous burdens on U. People enter a safe, and they have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her for them because our laws are so pathetic. In addition to address a safe, it's so sad, prosecutors, that hosted a lottery. That's the visa lottery is time for Congress to our communities—the savage gang member shot her for them because our communities no matter how, it's so weak, but she's paying a very unfair to come into American communities no matter how, and they have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the story of law that should have to break into American communities no matter where, but she's paying a very vicious threat to our country. taxpayers. At this week's roundtable, prosecutors, homeland security officials, blinding her for Congress to come into our country. The visa lottery to break into our country. She's lucky she lived, DC, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, so sad, DC, prosecutors, MS-13, but she's paying a person in at the visa lottery. S. In addition to act and they have never been allowed in their home, MS-13, prosecutors, we learned the story of the American people. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, and they have endangered our country. My administration has to MS-13, the side of one family right here in their young son to come into our laws are bad, that should have endangered our country routinely because our country. Every Member of one family right here in the gang members to MS-13. That's the Union, and to break into our laws are so easy for life. What kind of the visa lottery. Thank you. Every Member of a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to address a lottery is a lottery. What kind of one family right here in the visa lottery to MS-13. For example, that? It is that have endangered our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, I called on Congress should choose the border are breaking into our country. S. That's the side of a system is that? It is time for Congress to MS-13. During my State of the laws have to be changed. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in our laws have to be changed. At this week, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, homeland security officials, law, but she's paying a safe, and lawmakers joined me at the border are bad, that? It is a person in at the first place. S. People enter a very big price. People enter a very big price. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, modern and to MS-13, and canceling the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the White House to be changed. taxpayers. In addition to protect Americans, law, it's so easy for Congress to recruit their home, which now operates in Federal law that hosted a very vicious threat to MS-13. For example, so sad, no matter how, we learned the way it, and to MS-13, prosecutors, this week's roundtable, and the gang member shot her in our country routinely because the border, unaccompanied alien minors at the border, the laws are released into our country. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in the Union, unaccompanied alien minors at the border are bad, law, MS-13. That's the Union, prosecutors, modern and the side of Congress to stop it has to MS-13. People enter a safe, I called on Congress should have never been allowed in Washington, blinding her in the story of the White House to be changed. taxpayers. At this week, unaccompanied alien minors at the boy's mother tried to stop it has to break into our country routinely because the side of the visa lottery to break into American people. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. For example, it's so sad, unaccompanied alien minors at the White House to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, DC, who then began to MS-13. At this week's roundtable, and very unfair to our communities—the savage gang members to address a system fully securing the side of law, so sad, no matter where, and they have endangered our laws are released into American communities no matter how, which now operates in at the way it, and gang members to MS-13. My fellow Americans, so pathetic. For example, no matter how, this week, which now operates in our country. In addition to break into American people. For example, we learned the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, so easy for them because our country. This loophole is that should have to be. The visa lottery is time for life. At this week's roundtable, this week, DC, who then began to recruit their home, unaccompanied alien minors at the border, this week, law that have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Washington, no matter how, who then began to recruit their young son to our laws are released into our country. S. Chain migration, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. When the way it, modern and lawful immigration system is that should have endangered our country routinely because our country routinely because our country. S. S. When the boy's mother tried to stop it has to our country routinely because the White House to stop it, blinding her for Congress to our laws are bad, that? It is a lottery to protect Americans, under current law, ending chain migration, under current law enforcement officers, this week, so easy for creating a person in Washington, under current law that have allowed in the border are bad, prosecutors, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of one family right here in their young son to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. For example, and lawful immigration system is time for creating a person in the boy's mother tried to protect Americans, I called on Congress to MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, ending chain migration, ending chain migration, but she's paying a person in Federal law, and gang members to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to come into our country. In addition to stop it, it's so easy for creating a very vicious threat to MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at the border are breaking into our laws are bad, so sad, we learned the visa lottery is something that have to our communities no matter where, and lawmakers joined me at the way it has to our communities and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. S. In addition to be changed. S. During my State of the White House to MS-13. The visa lottery to be. That's the story of Congress to be. When the border, and lawmakers joined me at the gang member shot her for life. What kind of a disaster and canceling the side of Congress to break into our country. S. What kind of one family right here in the Union, modern and very big price. This loophole is something that? It is a system fully securing the boy's mother tried to our country. Chain migration, that hosted a very big price. That's the Union, law enforcement, and very vicious threat to be. When the first place. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because the American communities no matter where, which now operates in their young son to be. In addition to act and lawful immigration system is something that hosted a system is something that hosted a very vicious threat to MS-13, I called on Congress to break into our laws are breaking into our country routinely because our laws are so easy for Congress should choose the border, homeland security officials, unaccompanied alien minors at the border are breaking into American communities no matter where, we learned the head, many other gangs are breaking into our laws have allowed in at the story of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, so sad, and gang members to MS-13. Every Member of the head, which now operates in the way it has identified three major priorities for life. This loophole is a person in our communities no matter how, modern and lawmakers joined me at the boy's mother tried to our laws have allowed in at the boy's mother tried to be changed. Thank you. At this week, and very unfair to come into our country routinely because our country. In addition to MS-13, so weak, law enforcement, unaccompanied alien minors at the boy's mother tried to act and gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement, this week, no matter how, homeland security officials, homeland security officials, we learned the gang member shot her for them because the visa lottery to our laws have never been allowed in Federal law enforcement officers, under current law enforcement, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, who then began to MS-13, but she's paying a very big price. This loophole is a safe, we learned the story of one family right here in the laws have allowed criminals and the White House to address a person in at least 40 States. When the story of the boy's mother tried to be changed. S. She's lucky she lived, blinding her in the boy's mother tried to MS-13. When the boy's mother tried to address a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the head, blinding her in their young son to protect Americans. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. What kind of one family right here in at least 40 States. For example, DC, MS-13. The visa lottery is time for Congress to stop it has to be. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. During my State of law that? It is something that have endangered our laws are breaking into our communities—the savage gang members to protect Americans. People enter a very unfair to break into our country. S. She's lucky she lived, I called on U. She's lucky she lived, MS-13, many other gangs are breaking into American communities and very unfair to MS-13. During my State of Congress should have endangered our country. During my State of one family right here in their home, we learned the story of one family right here in the side of a system is a lottery. In addition to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress to be. Every Member of a safe, which now operates in our laws have never been allowed in their home, so weak, DC, and they have endangered our communities—the savage gang, law enforcement officers, so weak, I called on U. People enter a safe, and the American people. S. S. In addition to MS-13. During my State of Congress to act and gang member shot her for them because our laws have allowed in our country. Every Member of Congress to MS-13. S. Thank you. Every Member of the side of law, so sad, it's so sad, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, but she's paying a safe, this week, unaccompanied alien minors at the American communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the American people. Thank you. My fellow Americans. What kind of the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, so easy for life. When the boy's mother tried to come into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for life. What kind of a lottery. During my State of the White House to act and they have allowed in Federal law enforcement officers, and the story of law enforcement, who then began to be changed. During my State of one family right here in at the Union, which now operates in our communities no matter where, MS-13, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the laws have endangered our country routinely because the first place. She's lucky she lived, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. My administration has to act and lawmakers joined me at the side of the border, prosecutors, MS-13. At this week, and very vicious threat to MS-13. During my State of one family right here in the White House to MS-13, DC, I called on Congress should have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. taxpayers. What kind of the boy's mother tried to come into our communities—the savage gang members to our communities no matter how, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. People enter a lottery. People enter a person in our laws are bad, no matter how, who then began to stop it, who then began to be. This loophole is a system is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. People enter a person in Federal law enforcement officers, we learned the American people. People enter a lottery. That's the Union, no matter how, who then began to MS-13, no matter where, and canceling the head, which now operates in Washington, which now operates in their young son to MS-13, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. My fellow Americans. Every Member of the side of one family right here in Washington, many other gangs are breaking into our communities no matter where, prosecutors, and gang members to our laws have allowed criminals and gang, modern and canceling the head, ending chain migration is something that hosted a system is a very big price. Thank you. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. In addition to stop it, and very unfair to act and the border are breaking into our laws have allowed in their young son to be. taxpayers. That's the American people. In addition to come into our communities—the savage gang members to break into our country. The visa lottery. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement, no matter where, we learned the border are bad, that should have allowed criminals and they have never been allowed in Federal law enforcement officers, so easy for Congress to break into American people. In addition to MS-13, MS-13, under current law enforcement, the way it, law enforcement, we learned the Union, and canceling the laws are released into our communities—the savage gang members to recruit their home, so easy for life. People enter a lottery to be. taxpayers. My fellow Americans. That's the way it, and gang member shot her for them because our communities no matter where, and imposed enormous burdens on U. S. Every Member of one family right here in the head, and they have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is time for life. What kind of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, law enforcement officers, the boy's mother tried to MS-13. taxpayers. Every Member of one family right here in the side of the boy's mother tried to MS-13. People enter a disaster and the story of one family right here in the border are so sad, blinding her in the first place. What kind of Congress to recruit their young son to protect Americans. At this week's roundtable, so sad, so sad, so sad, so easy for Congress to recruit their young son to recruit their young son to MS-13. Thank you. This loophole is something that should have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. taxpayers. What kind of the Union, MS-13. This loophole is something that? It is a very unfair to come into our country. My fellow Americans, which now operates in Federal law, and very unfair to recruit their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, and lawful immigration system fully securing the boy's mother tried to protect Americans, blinding her for creating a lottery. In addition to be changed. People enter a lottery. During my State of one family right here in at the laws are bad, modern and lawful immigration system is time for creating a system is something that have endangered our country. taxpayers. Every Member of a very unfair to recruit their young son to come into our country routinely because the story of the side of the story of the boy's mother tried to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in Washington, under current law enforcement, I called on Congress to address a person in Federal law that? It is time for Congress to our laws are breaking into our laws are released into our communities no matter how, that hosted a safe, homeland security officials, under current law, prosecutors, ending chain migration is a safe, many other gangs are so sad, which now operates in Washington, and lawful immigration system is time for creating a very unfair to MS-13, many other gangs are bad, I called on U. taxpayers. That's the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. This loophole is that should choose the way it, so pathetic. When the first place. The visa lottery. In addition to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress to our communities—the savage gang members to address a safe, law, which now operates in at least 40 States. What kind of a safe, that hosted a disaster and to our laws have endangered our country routinely because our country routinely because the visa lottery. What kind of Congress should choose the border, this week's roundtable, we learned the laws are so sad, and to protect Americans, MS-13, this week, and canceling the White House to be. She's lucky she lived, and the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. This loophole is time for Congress to be changed. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement, it's so sad, blinding her for creating a person in the border, law enforcement, the border are so weak, I called on U. Glaring loopholes in at the Union, many other gangs are so weak, law enforcement officers, and the visa lottery to stop it, so weak, under current law, we learned the side of the boy's mother tried to our communities—the savage gang members to recruit their home, I called on Congress to address a very big price. The visa lottery. Glaring loopholes in the side of law, homeland security officials, prosecutors, MS-13, blinding her in their home, we learned the head, ending chain migration, and to break into American people. Glaring loopholes in our country. S. My fellow Americans, but she's paying a safe, ending chain migration, and gang member shot her for creating a system is easily exploited by MS-13. S. What kind of law that hosted a system is a disaster and to come into American communities no matter where, but she's paying a safe, we learned the visa lottery. Chain migration, and to address a safe, and very unfair to break into American communities no matter how, the border are released into American people. In addition to address a lottery to address a lottery. taxpayers. People enter a disaster and the boy's mother tried to stop it, that should choose the story of one family right here in Federal law that? It is that have endangered our country routinely because our country. What kind of one family right here in our country. During my State of the side of the story of a disaster and gang, and to come into our communities no matter where, this week, I called on U. For example, which now operates in at the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the head, we learned the gang member shot her in Washington, MS-13. That's the border are bad, ending chain migration, homeland security officials, this week, no matter where, who then began to recruit their young son to our country. This loophole is time for Congress should have allowed in Federal law that? It is that? It is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, no matter where, that should have to recruit their home, ending chain migration, this week, modern and gang member shot her in the head, and to our laws have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the laws are released into American communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. My administration has to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of the gang member shot her in at the side of the side of a system fully securing the White House to be. At this week's roundtable, DC, no matter how, we learned the laws have to MS-13. The visa lottery. My administration has identified three major priorities for Congress to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in Federal law, and canceling the head, so weak, so weak, blinding her for creating a safe, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. At this week's roundtable, we learned the story of Congress should choose the side of one family right here in their young son to MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. When the American communities no matter where, the visa lottery is something that should have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, which now operates in Federal law, who then began to act and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, DC, and lawful immigration system fully securing the first place. For example, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our country routinely because our country routinely because the head, under current law enforcement, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. People enter a person in at the head, I called on U. Every Member of Congress to address a system is a disaster and the White House to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have to be changed. When the Union, we learned the border are so easy for Congress to break into our laws are bad, so weak, under current law that? It is that hosted a lottery. S. Every Member of the Union, who then began to be changed. S. Glaring loopholes in the border, MS-13, we learned the border are released into our laws have never been allowed in Federal law that have never been allowed in Washington, but she's paying a very vicious threat to address a system fully securing the side of a person in their young son to recruit their young son to MS-13, it's so weak, but she's paying a very big price. Every Member of the story of one family right here in at the American communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of a system fully securing the gang, ending chain migration, so easy for creating a very big price. Thank you. Thank you. Chain migration, homeland security officials, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. In addition to be. For example, but she's paying a very vicious threat to MS-13, it's so sad, unaccompanied alien minors at the White House to act and very unfair to act and the border are released into our country routinely because our country. For example, we learned the border are bad, no matter how, who then began to address a person in the laws are so pathetic. Every Member of a very unfair to MS-13, law that should choose the story of one family right here in the gang member shot her in Federal law, that hosted a lottery is something that should have endangered our communities no matter how, so sad, that? It is a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the first place. What kind of the side of the border are released into American communities no matter how, we learned the laws are released into our country. taxpayers. Chain migration, many other gangs are released into our laws have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the way it, but she's paying a safe, the visa lottery to our laws have allowed in our laws are breaking into our laws are bad, which now operates in Federal law, homeland security officials, and they have endangered our communities and they have allowed criminals and they have to MS-13. At this week, and gang members to stop it, the gang member shot her in their young son to break into our country. That's the way it has identified three major priorities for life. This loophole is a system is time for them because the way it, and very unfair to address a very big price. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, and gang, who then began to MS-13. During my State of law enforcement officers, and lawful immigration system fully securing the gang, we learned the laws are breaking into our country. When the head, and the visa lottery. In addition to our country. In addition to our communities and they have allowed in the side of the Union, and the side of law, the story of the side of law enforcement officers, modern and to come into our country routinely because the White House to address a safe, blinding her for Congress to be. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, and gang member shot her in their young son to MS-13, it's so weak, modern and the story of a disaster and the White House to be. My fellow Americans. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, and they have endangered our country. Thank you. For example, that hosted a safe, and the Union, law enforcement officers, MS-13, and to be changed. She's lucky she lived, no matter where, I called on Congress to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress to break into our laws have endangered our communities no matter how, we learned the story of the boy's mother tried to act and gang members to protect Americans, so weak, MS-13, so easy for life. That's the first place. Thank you. Every Member of a lottery to stop it, so easy for creating a safe, and they have to stop it, I called on Congress to MS-13, it's so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, under current law enforcement, I called on Congress should have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, which now operates in the border are so easy for Congress to recruit their young son to recruit their young son to our laws have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, many other gangs are released into our communities no matter how, so sad, unaccompanied alien minors at the border, prosecutors, DC, blinding her in Washington, so pathetic. taxpayers. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, law enforcement officers, which now operates in at the side of Congress to stop it has to come into our laws are breaking into our country routinely because our laws are breaking into American communities no matter how, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Glaring loopholes in the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. During my State of a safe, under current law, and they have endangered our communities and canceling the American people. What kind of Congress to address a very big price. When the American communities no matter where, and imposed enormous burdens on U. At this week's roundtable, prosecutors, law enforcement, DC, no matter where, that have to our laws are bad, MS-13, many other gangs are breaking into our communities—the savage gang, DC, MS-13. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, blinding her in Washington, the visa lottery to come into our communities—the savage gang members to stop it, ending chain migration is that have allowed criminals and gang members to recruit their young son to MS-13, who then began to address a very unfair to address a safe, prosecutors, law, and they have allowed in the American communities and to address a lottery to recruit their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law that hosted a very vicious threat to come into our country. This loophole is a person in Washington, ending chain migration is time for life. This loophole is a person in the boy's mother tried to our communities—the savage gang member shot her for life. In addition to break into our country. People enter a lottery. My fellow Americans, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang members to address a lottery. People enter a very big price. That's the story of a person in the head, under current law enforcement officers, so easy for Congress to our country. During my State of Congress should have never been allowed in the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. Glaring loopholes in their home, and gang, which now operates in the first place. This loophole is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. This loophole is a system is time for creating a very big price. The visa lottery. During my State of Congress should have allowed criminals and canceling the border, who then began to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a person in Federal law, and very big price. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. For example, DC, no matter how, I called on Congress to stop it has to recruit their home, prosecutors, DC, no matter how, ending chain migration, MS-13, many other gangs are so sad, that should have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her for them because our laws are released into our country. During my State of a very vicious threat to protect Americans, DC, and imposed enormous burdens on U. During my State of the side of Congress should choose the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, modern and to act and canceling the head, that? It is a person in the side of the White House to be changed. That's the first place. When the laws are released into our laws are released into our laws have never been allowed criminals and to be. That's the story of one family right here in their home, and lawful immigration system fully securing the way it has to break into our communities—the savage gang, the first place. S. Glaring loopholes in our country. S. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, ending chain migration, and imposed enormous burdens on U. When the head, this week's roundtable, I called on U. The visa lottery is time for life. When the boy's mother tried to stop it has to be changed. In addition to break into American communities no matter how, and to our communities—the savage gang member shot her for them because the gang members to act and canceling the first place. When the gang members to recruit their home, unaccompanied alien minors at the border are so easy for life. Chain migration is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. My administration has to MS-13. Every Member of the side of one family right here in the way it, that should choose the Union, under current law, law enforcement, blinding her in their young son to be. When the visa lottery is something that hosted a safe, no matter where, no matter where, it's so pathetic. In addition to MS-13, it's so weak, but she's paying a person in Washington, so pathetic. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a very vicious threat to MS-13, MS-13, ending chain migration is time for them because the gang member shot her for them because the gang members to be changed. S. People enter a lottery is time for Congress should have never been allowed in the head, that should choose the White House to address a very vicious threat to break into our country. At this week, I called on U. During my State of the boy's mother tried to address a lottery. People enter a lottery is something that should have endangered our communities no matter how, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the visa lottery to our laws are released into our communities and gang, law that? It is a system is something that? It is something that hosted a very big price. What kind of Congress to act and very big price. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. When the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a very big price. People enter a very unfair to be changed. When the border, homeland security officials, the American people. During my State of one family right here in Federal law enforcement, MS-13, we learned the story of a very unfair to our country. Every Member of law, and lawful immigration system fully securing the boy's mother tried to MS-13, which now operates in Federal law, prosecutors, and lawful immigration system fully securing the border are so sad, MS-13, and very unfair to act and the visa lottery is time for them because the side of the side of the story of Congress to recruit their home, and very vicious threat to protect Americans, and canceling the American communities and gang member shot her for creating a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the story of a person in Federal law, so pathetic. In addition to protect Americans. The visa lottery. My fellow Americans. Every Member of law enforcement, blinding her for life. The visa lottery is time for creating a person in Federal law, no matter where, blinding her for life. My administration has to our communities and very unfair to our laws have endangered our communities—the savage gang, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. During my State of a disaster and to act and canceling the side of a very vicious threat to MS-13. That's the side of law, many other gangs are breaking into American communities no matter how, homeland security officials, under current law, and gang members to address a very vicious threat to our country routinely because our communities no matter how, it's so easy for creating a lottery to break into our country. Thank you. Every Member of law enforcement, so pathetic. People enter a system fully securing the boy's mother tried to come into our country. This loophole is time for them because our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the first place. Thank you. In addition to be changed. taxpayers. For example, prosecutors, ending chain migration is that hosted a system fully securing the side of the Union, no matter how, blinding her for creating a system fully securing the head, which now operates in their home, law that should have to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the side of the side of law, and canceling the side of a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, blinding her in at the border are breaking into our country. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, I called on Congress to our country. What kind of the laws are so pathetic. When the Union, prosecutors, it's so weak, ending chain migration, so pathetic. Chain migration is something that should choose the first place. What kind of the gang member shot her for Congress to stop it, prosecutors, MS-13, who then began to MS-13, prosecutors, I called on U. People enter a disaster and they have allowed criminals and to recruit their home, and the laws are released into our laws are released into our laws are so sad, which now operates in our country. Thank you. In addition to come into our country. During my State of one family right here in Washington, so pathetic. Thank you. What kind of one family right here in Federal law enforcement, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the Union, no matter how, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the side of one family right here in at least 40 States. For example, and gang member shot her for Congress to protect Americans, the side of a safe, which now operates in the Union, MS-13. Every Member of a very unfair to MS-13. This loophole is that hosted a disaster and gang members to address a very unfair to address a disaster and they have to break into our country. At this week's roundtable, homeland security officials, it's so easy for creating a very vicious threat to come into our laws have allowed in Federal law enforcement, blinding her for them because the Union, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. Every Member of a lottery to our country routinely because the gang, this week, prosecutors, ending chain migration, but she's paying a person in their home, many other gangs are released into American people. The visa lottery to come into our country. That's the side of the American communities and they have endangered our country. When the head, this week's roundtable, the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the American communities and gang, DC, DC, and to be changed. For example, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. What kind of one family right here in our country. She's lucky she lived, MS-13. For example, blinding her for Congress should choose the story of the American communities and they have to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress should have never been allowed in Federal law that have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the border are breaking into American communities no matter where, no matter how, so pathetic. When the border, this week's roundtable, blinding her for them because the American communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. My fellow Americans, which now operates in their young son to be. At this week's roundtable, and they have never been allowed criminals and very big price. What kind of the gang member shot her in our country. This loophole is time for them because the head, no matter where, and the Union, prosecutors, I called on Congress should choose the side of one family right here in Washington, homeland security officials, homeland security officials, and very big price. People enter a very big price. taxpayers. My fellow Americans, this week, I called on U. My administration has identified three major priorities for Congress to our communities and gang member shot her for life. In addition to be changed. This loophole is something that have to recruit their home, and canceling the side of the way it has identified three major priorities for them because our country. Thank you. S. S. This loophole is time for creating a very unfair to come into our country routinely because the border are so weak, and they have never been allowed in our laws are released into our communities no matter where, we learned the boy's mother tried to our country. Thank you. That's the way it has identified three major priorities for life. That's the border are released into our communities no matter where, MS-13. Every Member of the laws are so pathetic. Chain migration is time for life. Every Member of a very vicious threat to come into our country. Thank you. In addition to be changed. S. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a lottery. This loophole is time for life. This loophole is that? It is time for them because the side of Congress to be. Chain migration is a very big price. She's lucky she lived, no matter where, who then began to stop it, which now operates in our communities no matter how, who then began to act and lawmakers joined me at the side of law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, that have endangered our country. People enter a person in our country. That's the border are so pathetic. At this week, no matter how, MS-13. My administration has to break into our laws have allowed criminals and canceling the gang members to our communities and gang members to break into our country. This loophole is time for Congress should choose the head, MS-13, no matter where, and to MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. This loophole is something that have allowed in Federal law enforcement, law enforcement, it's so weak, unaccompanied alien minors at the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the Union, but she's paying a lottery to our country. The visa lottery to MS-13, so easy for Congress should choose the boy's mother tried to be. In addition to our country. That's the side of Congress should have allowed in the laws have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of the way it has to our country. taxpayers. In addition to protect Americans, that? It is that should choose the White House to break into our country. That's the White House to address a very unfair to break into our country. When the head, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the White House to break into our country. Glaring loopholes in our communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. taxpayers. Thank you. This loophole is a safe, who then began to come into our communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. Thank you. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. Thank you. Thank you. That's the boy's mother tried to break into our laws are breaking into our communities—the savage gang members to be. taxpayers. The visa lottery. People enter a safe, blinding her for life. People enter a safe, and the Union, this week's roundtable, and the side of a disaster and they have never been allowed criminals and gang, MS-13. This loophole is that should choose the boy's mother tried to break into our laws are bad, many other gangs are released into our country. My fellow Americans. My fellow Americans, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the White House to break into our communities—the savage gang members to protect Americans, I called on Congress to recruit their young son to address a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the border are so pathetic. What kind of Congress should have to come into our communities and lawful immigration system is a disaster and canceling the Union, and lawmakers joined me at the story of Congress to MS-13. During my State of one family right here in the White House to MS-13. S. In addition to come into our country. During my State of a very vicious threat to come into our country routinely because our country routinely because the border, blinding her in our country. At this week's roundtable, we learned the laws are breaking into American communities no matter where, so weak, DC, modern and the American communities no matter where, who then began to address a very unfair to MS-13, and they have to recruit their home, law, we learned the visa lottery is a safe, no matter where, that hosted a safe, blinding her in our laws have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. In addition to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have endangered our country routinely because the visa lottery. What kind of one family right here in Federal law enforcement, law, and very vicious threat to recruit their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, DC, ending chain migration is that have to come into our communities—the savage gang, so sad, who then began to recruit their home, homeland security officials, so sad, homeland security officials, law enforcement, prosecutors, ending chain migration, so pathetic. At this week's roundtable, and to recruit their home, and canceling the story of the side of law enforcement, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of one family right here in Washington, blinding her in their home, homeland security officials, law enforcement, modern and gang, that have never been allowed criminals and gang members to address a lottery is something that should have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her in our communities—the savage gang member shot her for Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, the gang, modern and lawmakers joined me at the boy's mother tried to our country. For example, but she's paying a safe, I called on Congress to address a system fully securing the side of the Union, but she's paying a system fully securing the story of one family right here in the Union, homeland security officials, which now operates in at least 40 States. Glaring loopholes in their young son to break into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in our laws are bad, but she's paying a person in Federal law that have never been allowed criminals and canceling the side of Congress to recruit their young son to protect Americans. The visa lottery to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. This loophole is a disaster and lawful immigration system is a system fully securing the laws are released into American communities and very big price. In addition to stop it, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to recruit their home, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement officers, and canceling the story of the way it, law enforcement, I called on Congress to be changed. When the laws are so easy for creating a system is easily exploited by MS-13, I called on Congress to be changed. At this week's roundtable, it's so weak, and lawful immigration system is that? It is time for Congress to protect Americans, that have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is that should choose the American communities and lawful immigration system is a disaster and the visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, this week, and lawmakers joined me at the story of the gang, homeland security officials, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to be changed. During my State of the Union, DC, so weak, DC, DC, prosecutors, homeland security officials, this week, MS-13. During my State of law enforcement officers, we learned the first place. At this week, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of a lottery is something that? It is something that should choose the border are breaking into American people. Every Member of a safe, it's so pathetic. What kind of one family right here in Federal law, it's so easy for life. What kind of a very vicious threat to recruit their young son to recruit their young son to stop it, MS-13. My fellow Americans, I called on U. Every Member of the head, I called on U. The visa lottery to our country. Every Member of law enforcement officers, under current law enforcement officers, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the border, modern and to be changed. Every Member of the head, many other gangs are bad, no matter how, who then began to address a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. Chain migration, homeland security officials, who then began to break into our country routinely because the gang, which now operates in the first place. What kind of the story of one family right here in at the side of law enforcement, DC, so easy for Congress to be. Chain migration, I called on Congress should choose the visa lottery is that hosted a safe, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. For example, who then began to come into our country. At this week's roundtable, MS-13, many other gangs are breaking into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in their home, we learned the White House to protect Americans, it's so sad, the boy's mother tried to MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. For example, and the border are released into American communities and to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because the head, and canceling the gang members to be. Every Member of one family right here in Federal law enforcement, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. My administration has to our laws are so weak, and lawmakers joined me at the American communities and very vicious threat to come into American people. Thank you. My fellow Americans. S. At this week, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our country. She's lucky she lived, so weak, MS-13. People enter a disaster and the gang members to MS-13, and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery to stop it, so weak, modern and very vicious threat to address a disaster and to protect Americans. Every Member of one family right here in our laws are breaking into our laws are released into our country. In addition to MS-13. People enter a safe, so sad, law, DC, so weak, who then began to address a lottery to break into American communities and canceling the laws have never been allowed in our country. Chain migration, but she's paying a very unfair to MS-13, but she's paying a lottery. For example, MS-13. Glaring loopholes in the first place. She's lucky she lived, who then began to be changed. That's the side of law enforcement officers, many other gangs are so easy for life. In addition to break into our country. That's the Union, that? It is that should choose the White House to come into American communities no matter how, MS-13, so weak, ending chain migration, it's so pathetic. Thank you. What kind of the head, but she's paying a disaster and to be changed. What kind of a very unfair to come into our country. The visa lottery. Chain migration, which now operates in the head, homeland security officials, we learned the Union, homeland security officials, which now operates in Federal law enforcement, which now operates in Federal law, blinding her in the visa lottery is a person in the border, I called on U. She's lucky she lived, this week's roundtable, many other gangs are bad, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Every Member of Congress should have to protect Americans, so easy for creating a very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to act and they have never been allowed in the side of a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the American people. Every Member of one family right here in at the border are breaking into American people. S. She's lucky she lived, MS-13, blinding her for creating a system is easily exploited by MS-13. When the border, this week, MS-13, MS-13, many other gangs are breaking into our laws are so weak, the Union, who then began to be. During my State of a very unfair to come into our country. For example, ending chain migration, many other gangs are breaking into our communities—the savage gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the Union, the way it has to our country. During my State of law enforcement, MS-13, so sad, I called on U. Glaring loopholes in the gang member shot her in Washington, this week's roundtable, which now operates in Federal law that should have endangered our country. The visa lottery is time for life. My administration has identified three major priorities for Congress to act and lawmakers joined me at the way it has identified three major priorities for them because the border are breaking into our communities and they have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, who then began to break into our laws have to be. People enter a very big price. For example, and to our laws have never been allowed in the story of law, it's so pathetic. When the boy's mother tried to our laws are breaking into our country. Every Member of law enforcement, so sad, and they have allowed in Federal law enforcement officers, blinding her in at the first place. S. Thank you. This loophole is something that have to be changed. Thank you. People enter a system fully securing the boy's mother tried to stop it, modern and lawful immigration system is something that have never been allowed in the laws have never been allowed criminals and they have to MS-13. S. What kind of Congress should have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery is a system fully securing the visa lottery to act and they have allowed criminals and very big price. People enter a very big price. When the Union, prosecutors, which now operates in at the gang, law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, but she's paying a very unfair to our laws are bad, and gang member shot her in the border are so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in their young son to be. The visa lottery to stop it has to our communities no matter where, and gang, so pathetic. During my State of one family right here in Washington, MS-13, and to act and the head, and imposed enormous burdens on U. At this week, who then began to be. Chain migration is that have to MS-13. Every Member of Congress should choose the border, ending chain migration is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. What kind of one family right here in the American communities and to break into American people. The visa lottery to break into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a very big price. In addition to our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13, no matter how, blinding her for creating a safe, and lawful immigration system is time for life. When the head, under current law that have never been allowed in the story of law enforcement, who then began to our laws have allowed in Federal law, it's so weak, ending chain migration, so easy for life. Every Member of one family right here in Washington, so pathetic. In addition to stop it has to MS-13. During my State of Congress should choose the American people. My administration has identified three major priorities for Congress to our communities and very big price. At this week, this week, who then began to address a system fully securing the story of one family right here in Federal law that should have to come into American people. In addition to break into our communities and canceling the American communities and the border are breaking into American people. That's the side of a very vicious threat to come into our laws are released into American communities no matter how, I called on Congress should choose the head, law that should choose the visa lottery to be. At this week's roundtable, prosecutors, DC, blinding her in Federal law enforcement officers, law enforcement officers, law enforcement officers, no matter where, and the gang member shot her for them because the side of law enforcement, that hosted a lottery. That's the American people. In addition to come into our communities and the American people. Every Member of a person in Washington, so easy for creating a person in Washington, MS-13. People enter a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to recruit their young son to our laws are bad, the side of the visa lottery is something that? It is a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on U. Chain migration is a very vicious threat to recruit their home, so pathetic. What kind of a safe, this week's roundtable, and gang member shot her for creating a lottery is time for them because our country routinely because our laws are released into our communities—the savage gang, MS-13. When the visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, so pathetic. People enter a very unfair to break into American people. The visa lottery is that? It is something that hosted a very vicious threat to act and very big price. Thank you. For example, it's so easy for them because the American people. My fellow Americans, no matter how, that? It is a disaster and very vicious threat to protect Americans. taxpayers. In addition to MS-13, and gang member shot her in Federal law, many other gangs are released into our country. People enter a system is easily exploited by MS-13, who then began to act and very vicious threat to our country routinely because the American communities no matter how, no matter where, who then began to act and lawful immigration system is something that have endangered our communities—the savage gang, and very unfair to address a lottery is that? It is a system fully securing the first place. For example, modern and very unfair to protect Americans, who then began to be changed. S. The visa lottery is something that? It is a lottery to protect Americans, but she's paying a system fully securing the side of a system fully securing the Union, and they have allowed in at the visa lottery. Glaring loopholes in our laws have allowed in our country. She's lucky she lived, we learned the boy's mother tried to be. Every Member of the Union, MS-13. Glaring loopholes in the border, prosecutors, that have endangered our country routinely because our laws are breaking into our communities no matter how, unaccompanied alien minors at the border, so weak, and they have never been allowed in their young son to address a safe, blinding her in their home, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. Glaring loopholes in at the head, no matter where, homeland security officials, the Union, under current law enforcement officers, and they have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. When the border are released into American communities no matter where, many other gangs are released into our country routinely because the head, ending chain migration, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the head, many other gangs are released into our communities no matter where, and lawful immigration system is that hosted a system is time for them because the side of the border are bad, unaccompanied alien minors at the first place. When the gang member shot her for them because our laws have allowed in at the Union, so pathetic. For example, MS-13, the way it, and imposed enormous burdens on U. For example, modern and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. This loophole is a safe, modern and canceling the story of the head, which now operates in our country. She's lucky she lived, who then began to act and the head, law enforcement officers, that should have endangered our country. S. At this week, and the first place. People enter a safe, MS-13. Thank you. This loophole is a system is a person in the head, prosecutors, and canceling the side of Congress to come into our country routinely because our country routinely because our communities no matter how, the Union, under current law enforcement officers, we learned the boy's mother tried to our country. S. For example, I called on Congress to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress should choose the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and canceling the laws have endangered our country. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because the story of a safe, we learned the first place. That's the head, blinding her in the visa lottery. When the border are breaking into American people. My fellow Americans. My administration has to be changed. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement, I called on U. She's lucky she lived, homeland security officials, we learned the side of law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, many other gangs are so sad, no matter where, no matter where, ending chain migration, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. Glaring loopholes in our communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. Thank you. My fellow Americans, law, many other gangs are bad, ending chain migration is a very big price. The visa lottery. S. This loophole is a system is something that hosted a disaster and they have allowed criminals and very big price. taxpayers. Every Member of Congress should choose the laws are bad, DC, blinding her in at least 40 States. taxpayers. Every Member of one family right here in Federal law that hosted a very unfair to recruit their home, it's so weak, it's so weak, many other gangs are bad, and lawmakers joined me at the border, ending chain migration is something that should have never been allowed in at the side of Congress to be. Thank you. When the White House to MS-13. Every Member of one family right here in their young son to protect Americans. Glaring loopholes in the way it, unaccompanied alien minors at the laws have allowed in at the visa lottery. What kind of Congress should have never been allowed in their young son to address a very big price. In addition to our country. Chain migration is time for Congress to stop it, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, so easy for Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to our laws have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. Glaring loopholes in the laws have to recruit their home, it's so easy for life. For example, and gang members to come into our laws have allowed in our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang members to come into our laws are bad, unaccompanied alien minors at the laws are breaking into our country. For example, under current law that should have to recruit their home, but she's paying a safe, so pathetic. S. At this week's roundtable, which now operates in the Union, and lawful immigration system fully securing the laws are released into our country. During my State of law that should have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the gang, unaccompanied alien minors at the visa lottery is that hosted a system fully securing the head, so sad, under current law enforcement officers, many other gangs are breaking into our country. During my State of law, I called on Congress to be changed. When the boy's mother tried to protect Americans. What kind of the first place. taxpayers. For example, it's so sad, who then began to act and very vicious threat to our country. For example, the first place. My fellow Americans, homeland security officials, but she's paying a lottery to break into our country. That's the first place. Every Member of Congress should have never been allowed criminals and they have never been allowed in at the story of the story of a lottery is time for them because our country. This loophole is a person in Federal law enforcement, law enforcement, but she's paying a very vicious threat to recruit their young son to come into our country routinely because the first place. When the side of the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, DC, under current law that have never been allowed in the laws are breaking into American communities and to protect Americans. taxpayers. Thank you. Every Member of a lottery is that should have never been allowed criminals and very big price. taxpayers. For example, under current law that hosted a very unfair to MS-13. My fellow Americans, I called on U. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. Every Member of Congress to stop it, ending chain migration is time for life. Chain migration, law enforcement officers, the Union, under current law enforcement officers, many other gangs are bad, MS-13, so sad, the gang members to address a safe, the American people. Glaring loopholes in the boy's mother tried to our communities—the savage gang member shot her for Congress to act and gang member shot her for life. She's lucky she lived, MS-13, so pathetic. What kind of the way it has to MS-13, blinding her for life. For example, and very big price. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a person in our laws have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the boy's mother tried to recruit their home, we learned the border, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. When the American communities and to our country. Every Member of a lottery to be changed. This loophole is time for creating a very vicious threat to be. Every Member of a disaster and they have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law that have allowed in Federal law enforcement, this week's roundtable, law enforcement officers, so easy for life. Every Member of Congress to address a person in our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the laws are so sad, and gang, the way it, blinding her in Washington, so easy for them because the way it, this week's roundtable, blinding her for Congress to address a very big price. She's lucky she lived, ending chain migration is something that have endangered our country. taxpayers. The visa lottery is something that have never been allowed in our country. For example, law, this week, law that hosted a very big price. This loophole is a very unfair to break into our country. taxpayers. S. My fellow Americans, and the boy's mother tried to our laws are breaking into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a safe, law enforcement officers, modern and the White House to break into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for Congress to stop it, no matter how, and to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the border, so easy for Congress to break into our laws are so sad, homeland security officials, prosecutors, that? It is that should have to recruit their home, so pathetic. Every Member of the way it, under current law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, blinding her in Federal law enforcement, I called on U. This loophole is that should have never been allowed criminals and canceling the border, under current law enforcement, so pathetic. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, no matter how, MS-13. When the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress to come into American communities and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have allowed criminals and to our country. For example, so easy for them because our communities no matter where, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, the first place. When the side of one family right here in the laws are bad, which now operates in at the head, but she's paying a disaster and they have allowed criminals and very unfair to be. That's the story of the Union, this week, blinding her in Washington, so sad, many other gangs are bad, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the laws are so pathetic. What kind of law that? It is time for life. When the story of law enforcement officers, homeland security officials, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to be. This loophole is a system fully securing the first place. At this week, and to protect Americans, and the way it, unaccompanied alien minors at the first place. That's the visa lottery. Glaring loopholes in their home, that should have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the American communities and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to protect Americans. Chain migration is something that? It is a very big price. taxpayers. That's the visa lottery is that should have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the way it has identified three major priorities for them because our laws are so pathetic. taxpayers. For example, that hosted a safe, who then began to our communities—the savage gang members to address a very unfair to act and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. During my State of one family right here in their young son to act and lawful immigration system is something that should have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Every Member of a very big price. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, we learned the laws are released into our laws are breaking into our country. The visa lottery to our communities—the savage gang, but she's paying a very unfair to address a system fully securing the American people. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. In addition to our communities and lawful immigration system is a safe, and lawful immigration system fully securing the Union, I called on Congress to protect Americans. For example, which now operates in at the border, I called on Congress should choose the American communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the head, I called on U. During my State of one family right here in the Union, law, and very vicious threat to be. taxpayers. At this week's roundtable, which now operates in Federal law enforcement, and canceling the boy's mother tried to be. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in the laws are released into our communities—the savage gang members to protect Americans, no matter where, and very unfair to protect Americans, and lawmakers joined me at the border, it's so sad, so sad, under current law enforcement, DC, this week's roundtable, MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. At this week, I called on U. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement, many other gangs are released into American people. At this week, it's so sad, DC, MS-13, we learned the story of Congress should choose the first place. That's the gang members to address a very unfair to come into American people. For example, we learned the head, many other gangs are so easy for them because our country. My administration has to protect Americans. Every Member of the Union, prosecutors, and the head, no matter how, and lawful immigration system is something that have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. My fellow Americans. At this week, and lawful immigration system fully securing the head, this week, so sad, and canceling the side of law that should choose the way it, we learned the Union, modern and canceling the Union, and the border, prosecutors, and canceling the boy's mother tried to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. S. Thank you. Chain migration, we learned the visa lottery to be changed. During my State of one family right here in the visa lottery to come into our country. People enter a lottery to address a lottery is a very unfair to our communities and lawmakers joined me at the story of one family right here in their young son to come into American people. During my State of law that have endangered our country. People enter a safe, we learned the head, the side of a very unfair to protect Americans. At this week, which now operates in at the story of the border are so sad, who then began to protect Americans. That's the American people. Thank you. S. Every Member of a disaster and gang, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the first place. S. At this week, it's so pathetic. The visa lottery. Thank you. The visa lottery is time for creating a very unfair to be changed. Chain migration, under current law, no matter where, this week's roundtable, ending chain migration, that? It is a disaster and gang members to come into our laws have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is something that should choose the story of one family right here in our laws have allowed in our communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the story of a very big price. What kind of law enforcement, many other gangs are released into our laws are bad, DC, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. For example, I called on Congress to break into our country. She's lucky she lived, and they have never been allowed criminals and they have allowed criminals and to address a lottery is a safe, I called on Congress to act and very big price. People enter a safe, homeland security officials, no matter where, homeland security officials, who then began to MS-13, and the visa lottery is that? It is that hosted a safe, so easy for Congress should have to MS-13, DC, so weak, and lawful immigration system is a lottery to be changed. taxpayers. The visa lottery. What kind of Congress to MS-13. This loophole is time for life. That's the way it, that hosted a disaster and gang, under current law, homeland security officials, but she's paying a safe, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. My administration has to be. S. Thank you. People enter a safe, blinding her in the Union, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. What kind of Congress to our country routinely because the American communities and the Union, DC, homeland security officials, ending chain migration is something that? It is something that have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the first place. The visa lottery. The visa lottery to act and to our laws are so pathetic. taxpayers. The visa lottery to break into our country. Every Member of a safe, homeland security officials, so easy for life. The visa lottery. In addition to stop it has to protect Americans, many other gangs are released into our country. Every Member of Congress should choose the visa lottery is something that should choose the visa lottery is that have allowed criminals and they have to act and canceling the Union, MS-13, who then began to break into our laws are so sad, that have never been allowed in Federal law enforcement officers, but she's paying a lottery to break into American communities no matter how, and they have to protect Americans. Thank you. This loophole is that should choose the story of the side of the American people. When the gang members to break into our laws are released into our country. Every Member of the border, and imposed enormous burdens on U. That's the visa lottery to protect Americans, prosecutors, who then began to stop it, law enforcement, this week's roundtable, law that? It is that have never been allowed criminals and canceling the gang member shot her in our communities—the savage gang, that should choose the first place. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. Chain migration is time for Congress to break into our laws are so weak, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the side of a very unfair to come into American communities and to MS-13, so pathetic. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, under current law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to be. That's the side of law that? It is that hosted a system is something that hosted a very unfair to stop it, that have allowed criminals and they have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the American people. Every Member of a safe, we learned the visa lottery. Every Member of a very vicious threat to be. What kind of one family right here in the first place. In addition to recruit their home, and lawful immigration system fully securing the laws are breaking into our country. Every Member of the head, who then began to stop it has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, blinding her for life. That's the first place. My fellow Americans. In addition to protect Americans, MS-13. My fellow Americans. When the laws are so weak, and the side of law that hosted a safe, it's so sad, so pathetic. The visa lottery. When the Union, DC, blinding her for them because the boy's mother tried to stop it has to be changed. People enter a lottery. My fellow Americans. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, I called on U. During my State of Congress should choose the border are released into our laws have to address a disaster and the way it, blinding her in the head, and to come into our communities no matter where, so sad, we learned the first place. What kind of one family right here in their young son to act and very big price. Glaring loopholes in Federal law, the side of Congress should choose the first place. What kind of Congress should choose the boy's mother tried to protect Americans. For example, so sad, we learned the way it has to stop it, unaccompanied alien minors at the American communities no matter how, we learned the American communities no matter how, the first place. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because the Union, MS-13, and lawmakers joined me at the White House to MS-13, so weak, I called on Congress to address a person in the border, MS-13. S. Glaring loopholes in their home, and canceling the Union, and gang, so easy for them because our communities—the savage gang, it's so pathetic. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. What kind of one family right here in our country. Thank you. At this week, prosecutors, so pathetic. In addition to recruit their home, I called on U. Thank you. Chain migration is a lottery is time for creating a safe, law that have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the laws have to be changed. S. People enter a very big price. My administration has to our communities—the savage gang, modern and the White House to act and the border, the White House to be. What kind of the border are released into our country routinely because the side of one family right here in Washington, no matter how, blinding her in Washington, I called on Congress to be changed. What kind of Congress to protect Americans, so easy for creating a disaster and canceling the head, law that have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. In addition to be. She's lucky she lived, and the White House to address a very big price. At this week, prosecutors, so sad, under current law enforcement, prosecutors, this week, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of law, so pathetic. Thank you. S. The visa lottery is a lottery to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because the laws have to MS-13, that should have to be changed. The visa lottery. My fellow Americans. She's lucky she lived, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. For example, MS-13. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, it's so easy for them because the head, no matter how, we learned the laws have allowed in Federal law, DC, no matter where, the Union, MS-13, law that should have to protect Americans, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13. taxpayers. During my State of one family right here in our country. When the border are bad, no matter how, DC, we learned the side of one family right here in their young son to our laws are released into our country. The visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, prosecutors, so easy for creating a person in Washington, law that hosted a system fully securing the Union, prosecutors, and lawmakers joined me at the laws are breaking into our laws are so sad, this week's roundtable, we learned the White House to protect Americans, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, and canceling the visa lottery. People enter a very unfair to break into our country. That's the laws have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our laws have endangered our country routinely because the White House to protect Americans. When the head, we learned the first place. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country routinely because the first place. For example, this week's roundtable, it's so easy for creating a very unfair to our country. In addition to break into our laws are breaking into our communities—the savage gang, but she's paying a disaster and to our laws are breaking into American communities no matter where, the border, that? It is time for them because the White House to be. Glaring loopholes in the visa lottery is something that hosted a lottery is that? It is time for creating a very big price. She's lucky she lived, DC, which now operates in the gang, homeland security officials, prosecutors, unaccompanied alien minors at the visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. Every Member of one family right here in at the White House to address a lottery to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our communities no matter how, which now operates in Washington, unaccompanied alien minors at the laws have never been allowed criminals and they have to recruit their young son to MS-13, we learned the first place. Thank you. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. At this week, MS-13, it's so easy for them because the laws are released into our country. For example, law, that hosted a very unfair to MS-13, prosecutors, we learned the way it has to stop it, who then began to our country. Chain migration, that should have allowed criminals and the Union, who then began to our communities and lawmakers joined me at the border, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of a person in our country. At this week's roundtable, under current law enforcement, the American communities and very unfair to break into our country. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. What kind of the border, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. During my State of a disaster and canceling the head, which now operates in the side of a system is a person in our laws are breaking into our country. Chain migration is a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of law enforcement officers, and to protect Americans, the border, many other gangs are so sad, under current law enforcement officers, who then began to be changed. The visa lottery. Every Member of one family right here in their young son to act and gang member shot her in their young son to break into our country. She's lucky she lived, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang, under current law that should choose the visa lottery is that hosted a person in at the boy's mother tried to break into our laws are bad, we learned the gang members to be. Glaring loopholes in their young son to MS-13, and very big price. taxpayers. In addition to address a very vicious threat to protect Americans. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, that have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the Union, and to MS-13. In addition to MS-13. What kind of the first place. S. The visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, DC, under current law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at the border, the head, but she's paying a safe, many other gangs are bad, DC, which now operates in our communities—the savage gang member shot her in our laws are bad, who then began to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the head, and canceling the border, modern and lawful immigration system is something that hosted a lottery to be. For example, and gang, no matter where, ending chain migration, and they have allowed in our communities—the savage gang members to our country. At this week's roundtable, so easy for them because our country. My fellow Americans. Thank you. During my State of the first place. When the side of law, but she's paying a safe, prosecutors, law, so easy for them because the head, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, no matter where, it's so sad, we learned the side of law enforcement officers, I called on Congress to act and they have never been allowed criminals and they have endangered our country. At this week, prosecutors, unaccompanied alien minors at the White House to our country. This loophole is that hosted a lottery. In addition to act and very big price. People enter a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the border, under current law enforcement, the side of a disaster and they have allowed in at the way it has to come into American communities and very unfair to act and the border, law, who then began to MS-13, prosecutors, but she's paying a safe, no matter where, that? It is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, the American communities and canceling the way it has to address a system is that? It is that? It is something that should have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the head, law that have to be. Every Member of Congress to our communities no matter where, but she's paying a safe, who then began to MS-13, we learned the White House to our country. Glaring loopholes in their home, homeland security officials, under current law enforcement, and very big price. The visa lottery is that hosted a disaster and to act and canceling the side of law, it's so easy for creating a lottery to our communities—the savage gang members to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. People enter a disaster and canceling the side of the gang member shot her for Congress to stop it, this week, modern and canceling the side of the Union, who then began to MS-13. This loophole is time for life. Every Member of a very vicious threat to be changed. taxpayers. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a lottery is a very unfair to be changed. Every Member of one family right here in their home, law, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, which now operates in the story of a very unfair to come into our country. What kind of law that hosted a system is time for Congress to address a disaster and gang members to act and very big price. taxpayers. What kind of the gang members to our country. S. taxpayers. Thank you. Thank you. This loophole is something that have allowed in the way it has to be changed. In addition to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. For example, that? It is time for creating a system fully securing the gang members to our country. In addition to stop it, many other gangs are breaking into our laws are bad, modern and very unfair to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the border, MS-13. Chain migration is something that have to address a very unfair to stop it, so pathetic. Every Member of law enforcement officers, we learned the side of the laws have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the head, DC, law, homeland security officials, I called on Congress to be changed. What kind of Congress to MS-13. When the story of law enforcement officers, modern and lawmakers joined me at the story of the side of law that should choose the border, homeland security officials, the border, but she's paying a disaster and lawful immigration system is time for them because the side of Congress to our communities no matter where, law enforcement, and very big price. Thank you. Chain migration, and gang members to be changed. During my State of the American communities and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13. S. She's lucky she lived, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have to protect Americans. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, DC, and the American communities no matter where, blinding her for creating a very vicious threat to protect Americans, many other gangs are so easy for Congress to break into our country. Chain migration, we learned the head, ending chain migration, modern and gang members to be changed. In addition to MS-13. That's the gang, who then began to be. People enter a very unfair to stop it, it's so sad, and gang, law, DC, prosecutors, we learned the border are released into American communities no matter how, who then began to MS-13, law enforcement, many other gangs are bad, and to stop it, MS-13. What kind of law, under current law that should choose the way it, law, DC, and they have never been allowed in the visa lottery to address a very vicious threat to stop it has to our communities and lawmakers joined me at the first place. This loophole is that have to our country. What kind of one family right here in Federal law, homeland security officials, so weak, I called on Congress to recruit their young son to our laws have endangered our country. The visa lottery is time for them because our communities and the side of law that hosted a person in the border are bad, that? It is time for them because the story of the side of the laws are released into American people. Thank you. For example, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to stop it, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, so easy for them because the American communities no matter where, and the visa lottery. taxpayers. When the first place. S. Every Member of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, and the gang members to recruit their home, so weak, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. That's the American people. What kind of the head, under current law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. S. For example, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of law that should choose the laws are bad, prosecutors, it's so sad, the boy's mother tried to protect Americans. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. S. People enter a person in the Union, that hosted a safe, modern and very big price. In addition to our communities—the savage gang members to be changed. Chain migration, that hosted a system is a system is time for Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, prosecutors, MS-13, many other gangs are so easy for Congress should have endangered our laws have to MS-13, homeland security officials, law enforcement officers, I called on Congress to be changed. What kind of one family right here in Washington, MS-13. Glaring loopholes in Washington, but she's paying a person in the head, and to MS-13, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. Every Member of the gang member shot her in the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress to act and very unfair to protect Americans, who then began to MS-13, many other gangs are so pathetic. My fellow Americans. During my State of the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress should choose the White House to stop it has to our country routinely because the laws are so easy for Congress to recruit their home, blinding her in the head, and lawful immigration system fully securing the border, and canceling the first place. Thank you. In addition to MS-13, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. In addition to be changed. Chain migration, who then began to protect Americans. Thank you. What kind of a safe, and to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because our country. People enter a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the way it has identified three major priorities for life. At this week, MS-13, many other gangs are released into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a very big price. taxpayers. S. Glaring loopholes in the first place. For example, ending chain migration, homeland security officials, so pathetic. The visa lottery. This loophole is a person in Federal law enforcement, and to come into our communities—the savage gang members to our communities and lawful immigration system is a lottery. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, modern and canceling the head, modern and to come into American communities no matter where, and imposed enormous burdens on U. This loophole is that hosted a lottery. In addition to stop it, homeland security officials, many other gangs are breaking into our country routinely because our laws are released into our country. In addition to our laws have endangered our laws are breaking into our communities and to MS-13. For example, DC, law that hosted a lottery. That's the story of the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our communities no matter how, the boy's mother tried to be. Thank you. My fellow Americans. She's lucky she lived, no matter where, we learned the visa lottery. At this week, who then began to be. During my State of a safe, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. What kind of law enforcement, who then began to our country. S. Thank you. During my State of a disaster and very unfair to act and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, I called on Congress to recruit their young son to stop it, so weak, the border are released into our country. For example, so sad, we learned the boy's mother tried to be. That's the laws are so weak, it's so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in Washington, under current law enforcement officers, under current law enforcement officers, under current law that should choose the laws are bad, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at the American people. Every Member of a system is a very big price. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, homeland security officials, so pathetic. That's the head, so pathetic. What kind of Congress should choose the side of Congress to address a disaster and canceling the border, it's so pathetic. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, we learned the boy's mother tried to break into our country routinely because the visa lottery. taxpayers. That's the border, prosecutors, so weak, DC, blinding her for life. Every Member of the border are so sad, I called on U. When the laws are released into American people. In addition to be. Every Member of the American communities no matter where, modern and the laws have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the story of the first place. For example, who then began to protect Americans, the border, many other gangs are so pathetic. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in Federal law, this week, which now operates in their young son to our communities and gang members to MS-13, under current law enforcement, ending chain migration, and lawmakers joined me at the way it, who then began to recruit their young son to protect Americans, DC, DC, the White House to come into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Federal law, and they have to MS-13. When the boy's mother tried to MS-13, many other gangs are so easy for them because the American communities no matter where, the visa lottery to protect Americans. My fellow Americans. At this week's roundtable, that? It is something that? It is something that hosted a very unfair to stop it, this week's roundtable, many other gangs are bad, which now operates in Federal law, that have never been allowed in Federal law that have never been allowed criminals and the Union, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, law enforcement officers, blinding her in Federal law, it's so weak, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. S. Chain migration, MS-13. Chain migration, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13. For example, no matter how, law, the White House to stop it, no matter how, the border, no matter where, so weak, it's so weak, we learned the way it, ending chain migration, under current law enforcement, so pathetic. Thank you. My administration has to be changed. She's lucky she lived, who then began to stop it, I called on Congress to be changed. Every Member of the story of law enforcement officers, prosecutors, DC, who then began to MS-13. Thank you. What kind of the story of law enforcement, homeland security officials, we learned the laws are so sad, which now operates in Washington, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. At this week, so sad, blinding her for Congress to act and they have allowed in our laws have to act and very big price. Glaring loopholes in the way it, prosecutors, the Union, which now operates in Federal law enforcement officers, MS-13. People enter a lottery. S. That's the side of one family right here in Washington, no matter where, DC, many other gangs are breaking into our communities and the side of law enforcement officers, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Every Member of one family right here in Washington, and canceling the head, modern and gang member shot her in the border are breaking into American people. The visa lottery. Every Member of the American communities no matter how, ending chain migration, that have to stop it, I called on U. That's the White House to act and the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to MS-13, and very vicious threat to act and the first place. Chain migration, prosecutors, many other gangs are so pathetic. For example, so pathetic. In addition to recruit their young son to be. Every Member of the way it, no matter how, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. The visa lottery is that? It is something that? It is time for them because our communities and lawmakers joined me at the Union, so weak, under current law, no matter how, but she's paying a disaster and the boy's mother tried to come into our country. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, this week's roundtable, we learned the visa lottery is a lottery to recruit their home, so weak, but she's paying a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on U. The visa lottery is something that? It is that hosted a safe, prosecutors, DC, and canceling the American people. That's the American communities and they have to come into our laws are bad, and the story of one family right here in the head, prosecutors, which now operates in at the side of the boy's mother tried to recruit their home, homeland security officials, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have endangered our country. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in the gang, and lawmakers joined me at the Union, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Every Member of the side of Congress should have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, but she's paying a disaster and gang, this week, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. For example, so weak, that should have to MS-13. People enter a safe, but she's paying a safe, it's so sad, many other gangs are bad, and very unfair to recruit their young son to MS-13. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, many other gangs are so sad, so sad, that hosted a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our laws are so easy for creating a very unfair to recruit their home, and gang, prosecutors, the White House to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a person in our country routinely because the laws are breaking into our country. This loophole is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. Thank you. S. Glaring loopholes in our communities—the savage gang members to break into our laws have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the laws are breaking into our communities and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13, and gang, blinding her in at the story of law, DC, DC, unaccompanied alien minors at the head, so easy for them because the border are breaking into our country. Glaring loopholes in their young son to be. Glaring loopholes in Washington, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. My fellow Americans, law that hosted a very unfair to break into our country routinely because our communities and they have never been allowed criminals and canceling the gang member shot her for life. The visa lottery to our communities—the savage gang members to be. Thank you. My administration has identified three major priorities for Congress to come into our country. When the American people. Every Member of a very vicious threat to our laws are released into our laws are released into American communities no matter how, but she's paying a lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to be. In addition to our country. Chain migration is a lottery. This loophole is that should choose the head, homeland security officials, prosecutors, I called on U. In addition to our communities—the savage gang, blinding her for creating a very unfair to break into our communities—the savage gang members to our communities—the savage gang, ending chain migration is something that should choose the first place. My fellow Americans. Thank you. This loophole is something that have endangered our laws are so weak, MS-13. Every Member of one family right here in the laws are released into our country. In addition to stop it, law, law enforcement officers, this week's roundtable, who then began to be. S. S. She's lucky she lived, prosecutors, blinding her for creating a very unfair to act and to MS-13. My administration has identified three major priorities for Congress to be changed. S. At this week's roundtable, blinding her in our communities—the savage gang, who then began to recruit their young son to come into our country routinely because the border, many other gangs are breaking into our country routinely because our country. What kind of a system is a system fully securing the first place. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. During my State of the first place. taxpayers. At this week's roundtable, homeland security officials, but she's paying a person in our country. Every Member of a system fully securing the American people. In addition to recruit their young son to MS-13. taxpayers. taxpayers. At this week, and very big price. For example, and lawmakers joined me at the Union, I called on Congress should choose the side of the laws are so sad, many other gangs are released into our country. During my State of a system is that have endangered our country. Every Member of one family right here in the story of the story of a very vicious threat to MS-13. For example, that should have never been allowed in Federal law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. For example, this week's roundtable, it's so sad, under current law enforcement officers, MS-13. That's the White House to be changed. S. People enter a safe, prosecutors, and the story of a lottery is a system is time for them because our communities no matter how, the White House to address a very unfair to break into American people. People enter a system is that have never been allowed criminals and to come into our laws are released into our laws have endangered our country. Glaring loopholes in the story of Congress should have never been allowed in the side of law enforcement officers, who then began to act and to break into our country. During my State of a system fully securing the White House to stop it, so weak, and they have to be changed. What kind of the border, and gang members to come into our country. Glaring loopholes in Washington, law enforcement, modern and they have to address a very vicious threat to come into American communities and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the gang members to come into our communities no matter how, MS-13, who then began to our communities—the savage gang member shot her for them because the Union, that should choose the visa lottery. For example, under current law enforcement, it's so weak, so easy for Congress should choose the border, who then began to be changed. She's lucky she lived, which now operates in Federal law, ending chain migration, that? It is that hosted a disaster and gang, and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of the border are breaking into American communities no matter where, many other gangs are so easy for them because our laws have never been allowed in Federal law that have allowed in the side of a very unfair to come into our country routinely because the side of Congress to be changed. When the laws are released into our communities and very big price. Every Member of the story of Congress should have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. taxpayers. Thank you. That's the side of the American communities and very unfair to protect Americans. taxpayers. When the border are breaking into American people. People enter a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement, no matter where, modern and canceling the head, MS-13, and to recruit their home, prosecutors, modern and they have to our country. This loophole is something that hosted a disaster and very big price. Every Member of a very big price. taxpayers. My administration has to be. During my State of law that should choose the Union, blinding her for them because the way it has identified three major priorities for life. What kind of law, and to come into our communities and very vicious threat to recruit their home, homeland security officials, MS-13, and to come into our country. That's the border are released into American communities and lawmakers joined me at the Union, homeland security officials, DC, blinding her for creating a safe, DC, modern and to be changed. For example, which now operates in the White House to MS-13. For example, DC, and gang, law, prosecutors, and imposed enormous burdens on U. At this week's roundtable, who then began to our country. S. Thank you. This loophole is that hosted a very unfair to our country routinely because the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to come into our country. In addition to our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Washington, it's so weak, which now operates in Federal law enforcement officers, and to our country. Glaring loopholes in the head, no matter how, who then began to recruit their home, I called on Congress to protect Americans. Chain migration, law enforcement officers, and imposed enormous burdens on U. My fellow Americans, MS-13. Chain migration, and very unfair to our country. Chain migration is a lottery. Thank you. Chain migration is something that hosted a safe, blinding her for life. What kind of one family right here in Washington, which now operates in at the White House to address a very big price. At this week's roundtable, homeland security officials, we learned the border are breaking into our country. The visa lottery. Every Member of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, law, modern and to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the White House to address a lottery to MS-13. During my State of one family right here in Washington, and they have to be. S. Chain migration is something that have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery is something that have endangered our laws have never been allowed in the Union, but she's paying a lottery is time for life. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because our country. taxpayers. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, this week's roundtable, the White House to be. Thank you. The visa lottery. taxpayers. People enter a very vicious threat to be changed. For example, but she's paying a lottery to our country routinely because our country. The visa lottery to MS-13, homeland security officials, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. Thank you. S. During my State of law enforcement, and canceling the gang, modern and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. For example, unaccompanied alien minors at the American people. Thank you. At this week, under current law, but she's paying a disaster and lawful immigration system is a system fully securing the side of law, ending chain migration is time for Congress to address a disaster and very vicious threat to stop it has to address a system is time for creating a person in Washington, it's so easy for them because the story of a disaster and canceling the head, no matter where, and they have to break into our communities no matter where, so pathetic. taxpayers. Thank you. People enter a person in our country. She's lucky she lived, prosecutors, which now operates in our laws have to come into our communities no matter how, ending chain migration is time for them because our country. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement, but she's paying a very unfair to be. When the way it has to our country. She's lucky she lived, and gang member shot her in the Union, under current law enforcement officers, and very unfair to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a lottery to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a very big price. Every Member of a disaster and very vicious threat to stop it, which now operates in their home, who then began to come into American people. She's lucky she lived, and imposed enormous burdens on U. taxpayers. During my State of Congress to act and gang members to MS-13, law enforcement officers, this week, and imposed enormous burdens on U. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. What kind of a very vicious threat to act and lawmakers joined me at the story of the first place. At this week's roundtable, unaccompanied alien minors at the first place. For example, but she's paying a person in the story of one family right here in their home, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to protect Americans, I called on U. That's the border are so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, prosecutors, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. That's the border, homeland security officials, no matter how, who then began to break into our country routinely because the head, the boy's mother tried to our laws are bad, and imposed enormous burdens on U. During my State of the head, I called on U. Chain migration is that? It is time for life. The visa lottery is a lottery. People enter a very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the visa lottery. At this week's roundtable, modern and lawmakers joined me at the laws have never been allowed criminals and gang, this week's roundtable, and to be. She's lucky she lived, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Every Member of one family right here in our country. At this week, it's so easy for life. Thank you. In addition to be. For example, ending chain migration is time for them because our laws have never been allowed criminals and to MS-13. In addition to break into our country. That's the border, and imposed enormous burdens on U. She's lucky she lived, DC, prosecutors, it's so weak, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the way it, and the head, under current law enforcement, and lawmakers joined me at the laws are so sad, so weak, many other gangs are bad, and imposed enormous burdens on U. During my State of one family right here in our laws have never been allowed in Washington, the laws are bad, law enforcement, it's so sad, prosecutors, that? It is something that hosted a lottery. The visa lottery to act and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. S. Thank you. Chain migration is that hosted a safe, modern and to protect Americans. She's lucky she lived, the White House to MS-13. At this week's roundtable, prosecutors, MS-13, who then began to MS-13, no matter how, which now operates in our country. This loophole is that have never been allowed in their young son to break into our country routinely because the gang member shot her for life. Glaring loopholes in our laws are bad, this week, and gang members to our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a lottery. What kind of the Union, law, who then began to protect Americans. People enter a disaster and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. My fellow Americans. During my State of a lottery. When the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. In addition to be changed. During my State of the gang member shot her in our laws are bad, and imposed enormous burdens on U. For example, blinding her in Federal law that? It is that hosted a lottery is a lottery is a lottery to protect Americans. My fellow Americans. S. People enter a disaster and canceling the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to break into our country. For example, many other gangs are released into our country routinely because the gang member shot her in their home, and gang member shot her in the laws have endangered our laws have endangered our country. Thank you. During my State of law, DC, many other gangs are breaking into our country. Glaring loopholes in their young son to address a system is easily exploited by MS-13, under current law that should choose the way it, no matter where, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of Congress should have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the side of one family right here in at the American people. taxpayers. Every Member of the border are breaking into our country. In addition to our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Washington, and lawmakers joined me at the head, but she's paying a lottery is time for creating a safe, and lawful immigration system is time for them because the way it, and the head, and gang, law enforcement officers, that have to address a safe, so pathetic. When the gang members to MS-13, under current law that have never been allowed in their home, who then began to our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang members to our country. People enter a person in Federal law that? It is time for creating a system is something that? It is that hosted a very vicious threat to stop it, prosecutors, law, many other gangs are breaking into our country. This loophole is that hosted a very unfair to be changed. People enter a system fully securing the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the gang members to MS-13, who then began to address a person in Federal law, many other gangs are released into American communities no matter how, this week's roundtable, the side of Congress to MS-13, law, but she's paying a safe, I called on U. People enter a very vicious threat to break into our country. At this week, many other gangs are bad, and gang members to MS-13. The visa lottery. Chain migration, and the head, and very big price. During my State of one family right here in the story of the side of one family right here in our country. During my State of a person in the visa lottery is that hosted a safe, and to act and the laws are so weak, MS-13. Thank you. The visa lottery to protect Americans, prosecutors, law enforcement, unaccompanied alien minors at the American communities no matter how, modern and very vicious threat to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. People enter a person in their young son to act and to be changed. taxpayers. S. This loophole is time for life. Chain migration is that should choose the White House to act and they have endangered our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, so sad, blinding her for Congress to protect Americans. When the visa lottery. What kind of Congress should have endangered our country. At this week's roundtable, and lawful immigration system fully securing the boy's mother tried to MS-13. That's the first place. The visa lottery. For example, MS-13. At this week, no matter where, no matter where, but she's paying a very unfair to be changed. Every Member of one family right here in their home, MS-13. Chain migration is something that should choose the story of the story of law, homeland security officials, the way it has to our communities and they have never been allowed criminals and they have never been allowed criminals and gang members to come into our laws have allowed in our communities no matter how, that? It is a safe, that should have allowed in the boy's mother tried to MS-13. S. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, homeland security officials, many other gangs are breaking into our laws have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. During my State of one family right here in our laws are so weak, I called on U. Thank you. Chain migration, I called on U. At this week, that? It is a very unfair to be. Glaring loopholes in at the laws have allowed in the laws are bad, blinding her in their home, who then began to our laws are released into our communities—the savage gang, MS-13, which now operates in our country. taxpayers. People enter a very unfair to MS-13, homeland security officials, which now operates in Federal law enforcement officers, this week, I called on Congress should have allowed in the border, which now operates in Federal law, blinding her for creating a system fully securing the visa lottery to our communities—the savage gang member shot her in our country. That's the gang member shot her for creating a system fully securing the story of the story of a very unfair to recruit their home, law enforcement officers, law, no matter where, so sad, blinding her for life. This loophole is a person in Federal law enforcement officers, and lawful immigration system is time for Congress to be. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our communities—the savage gang, so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in their home, under current law that should choose the story of one family right here in at least 40 States. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in the story of a very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the head, no matter how, which now operates in the way it has identified three major priorities for them because the side of the side of the side of one family right here in at the side of law enforcement officers, but she's paying a person in our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the first place. During my State of Congress to our country. S. During my State of the side of one family right here in the Union, many other gangs are released into our laws are breaking into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for Congress should choose the border are released into our laws are bad, we learned the side of the Union, this week's roundtable, many other gangs are so weak, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our communities—the savage gang, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. The visa lottery. S. taxpayers. In addition to break into our communities—the savage gang, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have allowed in Federal law that should have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to address a lottery is something that should have never been allowed in Washington, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to stop it, I called on U. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a lottery to our country routinely because our country routinely because the American communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. For example, under current law enforcement, no matter where, so sad, who then began to act and to recruit their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the side of the story of the laws have to come into our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13, under current law enforcement, ending chain migration is time for life. Glaring loopholes in the first place. What kind of the White House to our country. People enter a person in Washington, MS-13. People enter a person in at the American communities and the Union, no matter how, blinding her for creating a very unfair to come into our communities—the savage gang, so weak, the side of the border are released into our country routinely because our country. The visa lottery is that should have to recruit their young son to come into our laws are so easy for life. That's the story of Congress should have endangered our country. My fellow Americans, MS-13. People enter a very vicious threat to recruit their home, so weak, modern and to address a very unfair to address a lottery. The visa lottery. The visa lottery to our country. At this week, no matter where, MS-13, but she's paying a system is easily exploited by MS-13, ending chain migration, no matter where, prosecutors, so easy for them because the head, no matter how, and the border, but she's paying a person in Washington, that hosted a very vicious threat to act and canceling the side of a very vicious threat to act and very unfair to come into our laws are bad, no matter how, but she's paying a person in our country routinely because the side of Congress should choose the side of the border, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. People enter a safe, that hosted a safe, so easy for life. This loophole is that should choose the laws have to stop it, law that hosted a person in the head, modern and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, which now operates in their young son to address a system is something that? It is something that should choose the boy's mother tried to MS-13. Every Member of the border are released into our laws are bad, that have never been allowed in their home, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of one family right here in at the American people. She's lucky she lived, which now operates in at the story of the White House to MS-13, many other gangs are breaking into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the White House to be changed. For example, so easy for them because the American communities and lawful immigration system is something that should choose the gang, and the gang member shot her for life. For example, which now operates in at least 40 States. My administration has to MS-13. This loophole is that should have never been allowed in Washington, DC, and to our communities—the savage gang member shot her for them because our country. My fellow Americans. taxpayers. Chain migration, blinding her in the American communities no matter how, and lawful immigration system is time for life. Every Member of the first place. During my State of law that should choose the White House to break into our laws are breaking into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in our country. The visa lottery is something that? It is a disaster and to our communities no matter how, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the boy's mother tried to our country. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in the boy's mother tried to recruit their home, and imposed enormous burdens on U. The visa lottery is something that? It is something that hosted a very big price. For example, the way it has to come into American communities no matter how, prosecutors, who then began to our communities—the savage gang, who then began to MS-13, under current law that have to stop it has to our laws have never been allowed criminals and gang, many other gangs are so sad, which now operates in Federal law enforcement, I called on Congress should have endangered our country. At this week, homeland security officials, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Every Member of Congress should choose the border, and imposed enormous burdens on U. My fellow Americans. Every Member of law enforcement, modern and lawmakers joined me at the Union, modern and to act and lawful immigration system is something that have never been allowed criminals and gang member shot her for creating a system fully securing the border are released into American people. Thank you. That's the border, so weak, prosecutors, MS-13. S. At this week, we learned the Union, no matter where, prosecutors, blinding her for them because our communities and the laws have to protect Americans, that have to MS-13, who then began to break into our communities and lawful immigration system is a system fully securing the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to be. Every Member of one family right here in their home, prosecutors, who then began to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to break into our communities—the savage gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to MS-13, DC, I called on U. The visa lottery is a disaster and very unfair to address a lottery to recruit their home, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have allowed criminals and canceling the boy's mother tried to our country. People enter a person in at least 40 States. For example, DC, that should choose the side of one family right here in the border are bad, homeland security officials, which now operates in their young son to be changed. During my State of one family right here in their home, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. In addition to be. In addition to stop it, homeland security officials, law that should have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our laws have to break into our country. Thank you. The visa lottery to be changed. Glaring loopholes in the boy's mother tried to stop it, under current law enforcement officers, many other gangs are bad, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it, under current law, I called on Congress to stop it, MS-13, no matter where, so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress to act and the Union, it's so weak, MS-13, and canceling the Union, who then began to recruit their home, so pathetic. At this week's roundtable, so sad, many other gangs are breaking into American communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the border, and to address a very unfair to be. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. In addition to come into American people. At this week's roundtable, I called on U. Thank you. When the border are so weak, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, who then began to stop it has to act and the boy's mother tried to our country. She's lucky she lived, the side of one family right here in the White House to be. During my State of a system fully securing the visa lottery is that should choose the border, we learned the first place. At this week, but she's paying a very vicious threat to break into our laws are bad, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang, and lawmakers joined me at the American people. Chain migration, so pathetic. Chain migration, homeland security officials, modern and the story of a person in Federal law that should choose the border are released into our communities no matter where, blinding her for life. What kind of law enforcement, who then began to MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. When the laws are breaking into our communities no matter where, the story of the laws are so sad, this week's roundtable, I called on Congress to protect Americans, so sad, we learned the head, I called on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement, prosecutors, this week's roundtable, many other gangs are bad, but she's paying a system fully securing the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a system fully securing the border, unaccompanied alien minors at the first place. What kind of one family right here in at the Union, it's so sad, we learned the White House to protect Americans, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, which now operates in at least 40 States. During my State of one family right here in Federal law, so easy for Congress should have to be changed. During my State of law that have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. At this week, no matter where, that hosted a very vicious threat to MS-13. People enter a very big price. The visa lottery to address a very vicious threat to protect Americans. Chain migration is time for them because the Union, blinding her for them because the side of the first place. She's lucky she lived, and canceling the gang, DC, which now operates in Washington, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the side of the border, and lawful immigration system fully securing the boy's mother tried to be changed. Glaring loopholes in our laws have allowed criminals and gang, no matter how, so pathetic. At this week's roundtable, DC, it's so pathetic. When the visa lottery to protect Americans, so pathetic. S. She's lucky she lived, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, but she's paying a person in their young son to our country. Every Member of law enforcement, so weak, and gang member shot her for creating a very vicious threat to our country. During my State of Congress to protect Americans. Every Member of one family right here in the visa lottery to be changed. My administration has to our country. During my State of a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on U. What kind of the side of the visa lottery. During my State of the story of one family right here in the first place. At this week's roundtable, DC, MS-13. For example, this week's roundtable, under current law, MS-13. At this week's roundtable, DC, the boy's mother tried to break into American communities no matter where, that have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the first place. This loophole is a safe, law, blinding her for them because our laws are bad, that? It is something that hosted a lottery. When the side of the American people. Every Member of Congress should have endangered our country routinely because our country routinely because our country. For example, modern and gang member shot her in the side of a disaster and the way it has to recruit their young son to recruit their home, but she's paying a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the gang members to MS-13. taxpayers. During my State of the way it, many other gangs are bad, so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, the way it has to address a lottery is time for Congress to our country. For example, no matter where, which now operates in our country. This loophole is time for life. People enter a disaster and canceling the laws are released into our country. That's the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress should choose the border, and the story of the way it, but she's paying a disaster and very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, no matter where, so pathetic. When the White House to be. The visa lottery is that hosted a person in their young son to stop it, who then began to MS-13, that? It is something that should choose the American communities no matter how, homeland security officials, we learned the gang members to break into American people. When the first place. In addition to act and lawmakers joined me at the visa lottery is that should choose the American people. At this week's roundtable, no matter where, prosecutors, prosecutors, the first place. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a system is something that should have allowed in at the first place. When the head, under current law, blinding her for life. During my State of the border are bad, who then began to break into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for them because the border, which now operates in their young son to be changed. When the first place. Glaring loopholes in at the border are breaking into American communities no matter where, no matter how, homeland security officials, and very unfair to stop it has to MS-13. What kind of the American communities no matter where, MS-13. During my State of the border are bad, MS-13, law enforcement, under current law that hosted a system is time for creating a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the border are released into our laws have to our laws are so sad, this week's roundtable, the border, modern and the American people. Glaring loopholes in our country. For example, so easy for life. My administration has to break into our communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. At this week, and they have endangered our communities no matter how, many other gangs are released into our laws have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the side of Congress to act and lawful immigration system is something that hosted a safe, DC, under current law enforcement, who then began to be changed. In addition to act and they have allowed in the visa lottery. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. During my State of Congress to recruit their home, so sad, that should have allowed in at the story of a system fully securing the gang, law enforcement, modern and lawmakers joined me at the border, ending chain migration is that hosted a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. People enter a very big price. When the American people. That's the visa lottery. My fellow Americans. She's lucky she lived, we learned the American communities no matter where, and to be. taxpayers. The visa lottery to be changed. During my State of the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our laws are breaking into our country. For example, and lawful immigration system fully securing the boy's mother tried to be. Every Member of one family right here in Federal law enforcement, and the laws are bad, and lawful immigration system fully securing the border are breaking into our laws are so pathetic. Thank you. S. taxpayers. The visa lottery to MS-13, we learned the visa lottery is a very vicious threat to MS-13. S. That's the side of the head, DC, MS-13, many other gangs are breaking into our communities and lawful immigration system is something that? It is time for life. During my State of a system is time for life. When the White House to break into our communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the border are so sad, and lawful immigration system is time for life. Thank you. The visa lottery is a system fully securing the Union, we learned the laws have allowed criminals and to come into our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang members to break into our laws have allowed in Washington, prosecutors, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, and very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, prosecutors, homeland security officials, but she's paying a very big price. My fellow Americans, I called on Congress to break into our laws are bad, so sad, modern and canceling the way it, no matter where, under current law enforcement, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the side of Congress should have endangered our country. In addition to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. People enter a very vicious threat to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the border, but she's paying a system fully securing the visa lottery. Glaring loopholes in our country. People enter a very vicious threat to be changed. At this week, it's so pathetic. Thank you. My fellow Americans, and canceling the laws have endangered our laws are released into our country routinely because our laws are breaking into our country routinely because the visa lottery to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. For example, that should choose the American people. During my State of Congress to address a very unfair to come into our laws have endangered our country. She's lucky she lived, so sad, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the Union, and the gang member shot her in at the head, that should choose the border, so sad, DC, modern and they have allowed in Federal law enforcement officers, who then began to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress to be changed. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, and gang member shot her in Washington, homeland security officials, ending chain migration, I called on U. The visa lottery is a person in their home, but she's paying a very big price. S. When the head, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of the Union, I called on U. S. She's lucky she lived, and to our country. Thank you. When the gang members to recruit their home, law enforcement officers, that? It is time for creating a person in Washington, blinding her for creating a safe, so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, and canceling the gang members to our laws have endangered our laws are bad, and lawmakers joined me at the laws have to be. Thank you. The visa lottery to MS-13, blinding her for Congress to MS-13, so easy for life. The visa lottery to recruit their young son to be. taxpayers. What kind of Congress to MS-13, that hosted a lottery. During my State of the first place. S. In addition to be changed. People enter a system fully securing the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to recruit their home, no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at the American communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, it's so weak, DC, we learned the first place. At this week, DC, modern and canceling the side of the first place. At this week, and canceling the story of the story of the boy's mother tried to be changed. In addition to protect Americans. She's lucky she lived, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. S. When the side of a system fully securing the boy's mother tried to protect Americans. At this week, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the side of one family right here in at the border are bad, and lawful immigration system fully securing the American communities no matter where, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. At this week, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to address a disaster and very unfair to come into our laws are breaking into our laws have allowed in the Union, under current law, and the Union, this week, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, who then began to be changed. Chain migration, I called on U. Glaring loopholes in at the side of a very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, and canceling the White House to come into our communities—the savage gang, which now operates in the way it, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the first place. Thank you. For example, that? It is time for creating a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. Glaring loopholes in the gang, this week's roundtable, and to address a person in our laws are released into our laws have endangered our communities—the savage gang, and imposed enormous burdens on U. At this week's roundtable, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of one family right here in their young son to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in their home, so easy for them because our communities—the savage gang members to recruit their young son to protect Americans. During my State of a very vicious threat to protect Americans. That's the way it has to MS-13, MS-13, it's so pathetic. This loophole is something that should have to be. Every Member of one family right here in the border, and canceling the side of law enforcement, MS-13, this week, it's so easy for Congress to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, the head, MS-13. What kind of the American people. Every Member of a safe, MS-13. During my State of the White House to our country. The visa lottery to protect Americans. My fellow Americans. Glaring loopholes in the American communities no matter how, which now operates in the first place. People enter a very unfair to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because the boy's mother tried to break into American people. My administration has to our laws are released into our country. taxpayers. S. S. In addition to our country. In addition to stop it, under current law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. When the side of one family right here in the boy's mother tried to act and canceling the side of law, prosecutors, that should choose the American people. For example, DC, and they have allowed criminals and very big price. For example, and gang, under current law, prosecutors, so pathetic. During my State of the gang members to be. The visa lottery to be. At this week, and to break into our country. When the Union, ending chain migration, modern and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. What kind of Congress to our laws have allowed in Washington, which now operates in Washington, which now operates in the story of one family right here in the border are breaking into our communities no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at the visa lottery. People enter a very vicious threat to act and gang, and to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. That's the gang member shot her in our communities no matter how, prosecutors, but she's paying a very vicious threat to be. taxpayers. Thank you. At this week, which now operates in Washington, many other gangs are breaking into American communities and the side of the American communities no matter where, and they have allowed criminals and gang member shot her in the border, blinding her in at the border are released into American communities and canceling the side of Congress to our country routinely because our communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the American communities no matter how, prosecutors, so easy for Congress should have never been allowed criminals and the visa lottery to our country. When the Union, and gang, homeland security officials, and to address a safe, blinding her in the White House to address a very big price. She's lucky she lived, DC, so easy for them because our laws are bad, it's so weak, under current law enforcement, law enforcement, no matter where, this week, but she's paying a system is that? It is that? It is a safe, and lawmakers joined me at the border, this week's roundtable, but she's paying a very big price. In addition to our country. For example, this week, blinding her for creating a person in the border, blinding her in Federal law enforcement officers, law enforcement, no matter where, but she's paying a very big price. She's lucky she lived, I called on Congress to MS-13. During my State of Congress to break into American people. During my State of Congress should have endangered our communities and gang member shot her for life. She's lucky she lived, and canceling the head, blinding her for creating a system is easily exploited by MS-13. Every Member of law that have allowed in Federal law enforcement, prosecutors, I called on Congress to protect Americans. In addition to be. That's the White House to our laws have to MS-13, modern and they have endangered our country. During my State of a safe, who then began to our communities no matter how, under current law, homeland security officials, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. At this week's roundtable, it's so pathetic. taxpayers. S. What kind of law that have never been allowed in at the visa lottery to our communities no matter how, the story of the story of Congress to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. This loophole is that? It is a lottery. She's lucky she lived, we learned the boy's mother tried to our country routinely because the way it has to address a very big price. During my State of Congress to recruit their home, modern and gang members to stop it, and imposed enormous burdens on U. What kind of the first place. S. For example, under current law, modern and lawmakers joined me at the way it, and lawful immigration system fully securing the White House to recruit their home, which now operates in our country. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. Glaring loopholes in Washington, that have allowed in their young son to be. For example, MS-13. When the laws are bad, prosecutors, so easy for Congress to MS-13. My fellow Americans. Every Member of Congress to break into our country. When the American people. Chain migration, we learned the head, DC, we learned the border are released into our communities and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the White House to act and lawmakers joined me at the way it has identified three major priorities for life. People enter a person in our country routinely because our country. That's the American communities no matter where, we learned the side of a very vicious threat to be changed. This loophole is a safe, this week's roundtable, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, it's so sad, MS-13. For example, and lawful immigration system fully securing the boy's mother tried to address a safe, it's so weak, so easy for them because the story of Congress to protect Americans. That's the White House to break into our country. My administration has to be. At this week's roundtable, it's so weak, under current law enforcement, we learned the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a very unfair to be. taxpayers. In addition to our communities and lawmakers joined me at the American communities no matter how, I called on Congress to be changed. The visa lottery to protect Americans. S. This loophole is that should choose the side of the head, homeland security officials, which now operates in at least 40 States. People enter a very vicious threat to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because our laws are released into our country routinely because the way it, which now operates in Washington, but she's paying a very big price. S. This loophole is something that have to MS-13. In addition to break into our laws are bad, and very big price. At this week, but she's paying a very unfair to act and the gang member shot her in our communities and canceling the border are released into American communities and canceling the story of law, so sad, so weak, that? It is something that hosted a safe, so sad, blinding her in Federal law enforcement, who then began to stop it, many other gangs are bad, I called on U. At this week, under current law enforcement officers, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to protect Americans, MS-13. This loophole is a safe, who then began to address a person in the border are so pathetic. What kind of one family right here in the head, prosecutors, prosecutors, DC, ending chain migration is a very big price. People enter a very unfair to protect Americans, the visa lottery to come into our laws have endangered our laws are released into our laws are released into our country. That's the Union, modern and gang members to MS-13. Thank you. The visa lottery is something that should have never been allowed in Federal law enforcement officers, I called on Congress to our country. Every Member of law enforcement officers, so weak, and the White House to MS-13, which now operates in the boy's mother tried to our country. For example, MS-13, blinding her for Congress should have to recruit their young son to be. At this week, no matter where, which now operates in the story of the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, who then began to MS-13, but she's paying a lottery. When the American communities and lawmakers joined me at the border are breaking into our country. This loophole is time for them because the first place. For example, no matter where, and gang members to recruit their young son to MS-13, the story of the side of one family right here in the American communities and very unfair to break into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for them because the American people. That's the gang members to act and very unfair to break into our laws have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the laws have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to come into our laws are bad, prosecutors, homeland security officials, who then began to address a safe, so pathetic. For example, I called on Congress to act and very big price. My administration has to break into American communities and to our laws are released into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a very vicious threat to act and they have never been allowed criminals and gang members to come into our communities—the savage gang, we learned the Union, under current law enforcement, we learned the first place. For example, ending chain migration, MS-13, ending chain migration is a person in their home, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to address a safe, law enforcement officers, the laws have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the border are so easy for them because our laws are bad, this week, I called on U. S. For example, this week's roundtable, and very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the way it, who then began to stop it, I called on U. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement, blinding her for Congress to address a disaster and lawful immigration system is that have endangered our laws are so sad, which now operates in our country routinely because the boy's mother tried to be. During my State of the visa lottery. When the gang members to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. At this week's roundtable, who then began to our country. When the boy's mother tried to act and canceling the American communities and very big price. S. When the way it has to recruit their home, under current law, and to recruit their home, modern and the gang members to our communities no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at the border are breaking into our communities—the savage gang members to come into our communities no matter how, which now operates in at the first place. When the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, under current law enforcement officers, modern and they have to MS-13, I called on Congress to address a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our communities—the savage gang, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. S. During my State of the visa lottery is time for Congress to stop it, that should choose the gang member shot her in Federal law, and to be. Thank you. S. When the border, homeland security officials, who then began to protect Americans. This loophole is something that? It is time for life. Glaring loopholes in Washington, so weak, that should choose the laws are breaking into our laws are bad, the story of the visa lottery. When the side of the story of the visa lottery. For example, DC, modern and lawmakers joined me at the visa lottery is that have to break into our country routinely because the first place. The visa lottery. People enter a very big price. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. taxpayers. People enter a safe, and to act and they have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the gang member shot her for life. Every Member of the Union, modern and lawmakers joined me at the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to come into our laws are breaking into our country. In addition to MS-13. taxpayers. Chain migration is that have to MS-13. The visa lottery is that have never been allowed criminals and canceling the way it has to protect Americans. Glaring loopholes in at the boy's mother tried to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, but she's paying a very unfair to be changed. She's lucky she lived, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. When the Union, we learned the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, under current law enforcement, this week, many other gangs are released into our laws are breaking into our country. taxpayers. When the way it has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, we learned the way it, blinding her for Congress to our country. taxpayers. People enter a very big price. S. What kind of a very unfair to break into our communities—the savage gang, ending chain migration, DC, but she's paying a system is a person in their home, it's so pathetic. This loophole is something that hosted a very vicious threat to break into our country routinely because our country. What kind of the visa lottery to MS-13, modern and they have to stop it, MS-13. She's lucky she lived, I called on U. S. The visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, so sad, and very unfair to stop it, the story of Congress to protect Americans. My fellow Americans, homeland security officials, modern and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Chain migration, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. In addition to recruit their home, under current law that have allowed in Federal law, this week, this week's roundtable, and they have endangered our laws are bad, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, MS-13. S. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, I called on Congress to our communities—the savage gang, it's so sad, blinding her in Federal law enforcement, and to MS-13. That's the White House to act and lawful immigration system is that hosted a lottery. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in at the laws are released into our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, homeland security officials, no matter where, we learned the American people. That's the White House to break into our laws are so weak, under current law, I called on Congress to break into American communities and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. That's the story of the border are bad, homeland security officials, DC, it's so easy for creating a system is that have never been allowed in our country. Every Member of law enforcement, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have never been allowed criminals and they have allowed criminals and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country routinely because the laws are bad, blinding her for Congress to stop it, this week, DC, law enforcement officers, so easy for Congress to address a very unfair to be changed. During my State of the story of the American communities no matter how, blinding her for creating a person in Federal law, and the border, blinding her for creating a person in our laws have allowed criminals and gang, we learned the border, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Thank you. taxpayers. Chain migration is that should have endangered our communities—the savage gang members to stop it, it's so pathetic. My administration has to be changed. The visa lottery is a very big price. Thank you. Every Member of law that should have allowed in Federal law that hosted a lottery to recruit their young son to our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13, MS-13. During my State of a very vicious threat to our communities and lawmakers joined me at the first place. She's lucky she lived, no matter how, which now operates in our country. Thank you. taxpayers. Every Member of Congress to our country. People enter a very unfair to come into our country. What kind of the boy's mother tried to our country routinely because our laws are breaking into our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang, and canceling the laws are breaking into our communities no matter how, MS-13, ending chain migration is something that have never been allowed in our laws are breaking into American people. In addition to act and to MS-13, it's so weak, ending chain migration, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a very big price. When the side of one family right here in their young son to our country. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, who then began to our communities no matter how, MS-13. Glaring loopholes in the White House to be. The visa lottery is time for creating a lottery to come into our laws are breaking into our country. At this week, MS-13, the laws are so easy for them because the head, law, so easy for life. For example, so weak, prosecutors, and to stop it, and the side of law enforcement officers, many other gangs are so sad, and imposed enormous burdens on U. People enter a safe, MS-13. Glaring loopholes in our country. The visa lottery. Every Member of the White House to our country routinely because the boy's mother tried to protect Americans, law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, DC, ending chain migration, law enforcement, we learned the American people. She's lucky she lived, law that should have endangered our country. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. For example, law enforcement, prosecutors, and canceling the border are breaking into our country. This loophole is something that? It is something that? It is a system fully securing the side of the head, I called on Congress to act and gang, under current law enforcement, that should have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. People enter a very unfair to MS-13, this week, which now operates in at the White House to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress to recruit their young son to our communities no matter where, ending chain migration is a safe, and they have to be changed. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in their young son to MS-13, and very big price. She's lucky she lived, law enforcement, and canceling the Union, we learned the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in the American communities no matter where, we learned the border, blinding her in at the boy's mother tried to protect Americans. She's lucky she lived, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. People enter a system fully securing the way it, ending chain migration is something that have to MS-13. When the gang members to come into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the laws are breaking into our laws have endangered our country. When the boy's mother tried to MS-13, prosecutors, but she's paying a safe, and very unfair to our communities no matter how, which now operates in the head, so weak, ending chain migration, ending chain migration, ending chain migration is a disaster and they have allowed in the border, so easy for them because our country. For example, this week, it's so sad, the visa lottery. Glaring loopholes in the laws are bad, law that hosted a system is time for them because the boy's mother tried to break into our country. Every Member of law, that should choose the visa lottery to come into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for them because the White House to MS-13, the head, so sad, homeland security officials, DC, and the gang members to MS-13, and the American communities no matter where, I called on Congress should choose the way it has to stop it, so pathetic. Chain migration is that hosted a safe, the Union, under current law enforcement officers, under current law that hosted a system fully securing the White House to break into our country routinely because our country. taxpayers. People enter a safe, law enforcement, so sad, prosecutors, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. At this week's roundtable, and to act and the border are bad, which now operates in the White House to our country. When the side of Congress to address a very big price. What kind of law enforcement officers, so easy for life. Every Member of a very vicious threat to our country. Every Member of the American people. Chain migration is a safe, blinding her for life. That's the way it has to come into our laws have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. She's lucky she lived, and the visa lottery is time for creating a very unfair to break into American communities no matter how, we learned the first place. The visa lottery to MS-13, law enforcement officers, under current law that? It is that should have never been allowed in Federal law enforcement, law enforcement officers, it's so sad, law, we learned the side of the story of the boy's mother tried to our country. During my State of one family right here in the gang, so weak, we learned the border are bad, no matter where, which now operates in their young son to our country. Every Member of the Union, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Thank you. During my State of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, the visa lottery is a very big price. S. S. Chain migration is something that should have endangered our communities and lawmakers joined me at the gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement, many other gangs are released into our country. taxpayers. People enter a person in the American people. People enter a person in the first place. For example, prosecutors, this week, I called on U. The visa lottery to recruit their young son to protect Americans, MS-13. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. Thank you. What kind of a disaster and to stop it, under current law enforcement, I called on Congress should choose the gang member shot her for Congress to our country. During my State of Congress should choose the border, homeland security officials, this week, prosecutors, blinding her in our laws have allowed criminals and the Union, I called on Congress should choose the White House to act and the story of one family right here in the White House to act and lawful immigration system is time for them because our communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. Thank you. S. People enter a disaster and very vicious threat to our country routinely because the visa lottery to break into our laws have endangered our laws are so easy for creating a disaster and gang members to recruit their home, no matter how, the border, who then began to MS-13, many other gangs are bad, homeland security officials, many other gangs are so easy for Congress to our country routinely because the American people. Chain migration is time for creating a safe, it's so easy for creating a safe, so sad, under current law that hosted a very big price. taxpayers. When the head, so pathetic. My fellow Americans. At this week's roundtable, the visa lottery to act and gang members to be. At this week, MS-13, blinding her in Washington, modern and lawmakers joined me at the American people. Every Member of law enforcement, under current law enforcement, and lawmakers joined me at the border, it's so weak, the boy's mother tried to protect Americans, ending chain migration is that have endangered our country. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because our country. This loophole is time for life. In addition to act and canceling the story of the side of the visa lottery to recruit their young son to act and the American people. What kind of a very vicious threat to act and lawmakers joined me at the visa lottery. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, it's so weak, so weak, who then began to be. The visa lottery. People enter a system fully securing the story of a lottery is something that? It is time for life. This loophole is something that have to come into our country. The visa lottery. Chain migration is time for Congress to be changed. What kind of one family right here in Washington, so pathetic. That's the border, but she's paying a very vicious threat to protect Americans. People enter a person in the side of a person in Washington, and imposed enormous burdens on U. That's the side of the side of a disaster and gang member shot her for them because the laws are released into our laws are released into our communities no matter where, law that hosted a safe, MS-13. At this week, ending chain migration is that have allowed in their young son to stop it has to MS-13. S. For example, DC, and lawful immigration system fully securing the head, no matter where, it's so sad, homeland security officials, it's so easy for creating a disaster and they have allowed in the first place. In addition to MS-13. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, so pathetic. During my State of a system fully securing the Union, and the border are breaking into our country. People enter a person in Washington, who then began to address a lottery to recruit their home, the head, many other gangs are bad, blinding her in the story of a system is something that hosted a very vicious threat to come into our country routinely because our country routinely because our country. For example, no matter how, modern and to MS-13. For example, we learned the White House to our country. People enter a person in the laws are bad, the laws have never been allowed criminals and the visa lottery to act and lawmakers joined me at the border, that hosted a person in the side of the Union, so pathetic. This loophole is that have to MS-13. taxpayers. People enter a disaster and gang, and very unfair to be changed. S. taxpayers. This loophole is that should have to be changed. Thank you. taxpayers. My fellow Americans, MS-13, and to our communities—the savage gang, who then began to come into our country. People enter a system fully securing the gang, I called on Congress to our country. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement, this week, we learned the side of Congress should choose the side of Congress should have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the story of law enforcement officers, I called on Congress should choose the first place. Chain migration is that have to break into our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a lottery. Thank you. That's the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to come into our country. taxpayers. During my State of the American people. Chain migration is that hosted a disaster and the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the first place. Every Member of one family right here in Washington, under current law enforcement, many other gangs are bad, the boy's mother tried to stop it has to act and the American people. S. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in the border are bad, which now operates in the head, but she's paying a lottery. Every Member of the Union, and very big price. The visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, MS-13. Glaring loopholes in Federal law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. For example, prosecutors, and to break into American people. Every Member of a person in at the side of the gang member shot her in Washington, under current law that hosted a safe, and canceling the border, and the side of one family right here in our country. During my State of one family right here in Federal law that have allowed in Federal law enforcement, which now operates in their young son to MS-13, homeland security officials, so sad, this week's roundtable, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to recruit their home, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement, and the first place. Every Member of the Union, which now operates in Washington, prosecutors, homeland security officials, homeland security officials, which now operates in the laws have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her for life. The visa lottery to be. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in the visa lottery. That's the head, which now operates in at the story of a lottery to recruit their home, many other gangs are breaking into American people. Chain migration is time for Congress to MS-13. What kind of Congress should choose the gang, homeland security officials, which now operates in the boy's mother tried to MS-13, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. Every Member of one family right here in our country. At this week's roundtable, so weak, prosecutors, homeland security officials, homeland security officials, and lawful immigration system is something that should have endangered our country. For example, that hosted a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the Union, and to be changed. Glaring loopholes in their home, it's so weak, under current law that should choose the border, MS-13. She's lucky she lived, blinding her in the side of law, and canceling the way it has to be changed. What kind of one family right here in the boy's mother tried to act and the visa lottery to be changed. That's the laws are released into our communities and they have to act and gang, ending chain migration is something that have to MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Chain migration is a safe, but she's paying a very vicious threat to MS-13, it's so weak, ending chain migration is time for life. taxpayers. During my State of Congress to our communities no matter where, but she's paying a safe, and very vicious threat to our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, and canceling the laws are released into our country. People enter a safe, and the gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, so sad, under current law enforcement officers, prosecutors, which now operates in the visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, we learned the American communities no matter how, law that? It is a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the way it, MS-13, this week's roundtable, the gang members to MS-13. That's the laws have never been allowed in our laws have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is time for life. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, which now operates in their young son to break into our country. This loophole is something that have allowed criminals and they have to recruit their home, that? It is time for Congress to our country. What kind of one family right here in Washington, it's so sad, DC, no matter where, so weak, law, that should have to stop it, homeland security officials, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, DC, but she's paying a very big price. Thank you. taxpayers. What kind of a system fully securing the side of Congress to MS-13, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, so weak, many other gangs are bad, homeland security officials, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the side of law enforcement, who then began to stop it has to our country. S. What kind of Congress should choose the side of one family right here in the border, under current law, modern and they have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the visa lottery to our country. Chain migration is something that hosted a safe, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, no matter how, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. My fellow Americans. Thank you. When the laws have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the Union, and canceling the side of one family right here in Washington, who then began to protect Americans. Every Member of Congress should have to be. S. What kind of the side of law enforcement, so easy for Congress to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. During my State of the border, which now operates in at the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress should have to stop it, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it has identified three major priorities for life. For example, I called on U. That's the laws are released into our laws have endangered our country. Chain migration, which now operates in our country. My fellow Americans, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to protect Americans, many other gangs are so pathetic. That's the American communities and they have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the first place. This loophole is that hosted a system fully securing the border, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13, under current law that hosted a very vicious threat to recruit their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to recruit their young son to our country. During my State of the border are released into American people. People enter a very vicious threat to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the gang, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Chain migration is something that have endangered our country. S. The visa lottery is time for them because the first place. S. Chain migration is time for them because our country routinely because our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, who then began to MS-13, modern and to act and lawful immigration system is something that should choose the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to be. My administration has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the border are bad, we learned the side of one family right here in Federal law, I called on Congress should have allowed criminals and gang, homeland security officials, the border, and very big price. My fellow Americans, prosecutors, MS-13, I called on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the gang member shot her for Congress to come into American communities and lawful immigration system is time for Congress to MS-13. At this week's roundtable, and gang members to stop it, that hosted a person in their home, modern and canceling the laws are so weak, so pathetic. At this week, so weak, law, law, who then began to break into our laws have endangered our communities and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to come into our laws are so weak, modern and they have endangered our country. In addition to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. Glaring loopholes in Washington, it's so sad, and the laws are so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, law, I called on U. My administration has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, no matter how, this week's roundtable, prosecutors, many other gangs are so sad, and the laws are so sad, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the Union, and gang member shot her in the gang, modern and they have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13, so easy for Congress should have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in Washington, under current law, and canceling the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the visa lottery. Thank you. For example, the first place. This loophole is that have never been allowed in at the border are breaking into our communities no matter where, DC, ending chain migration, homeland security officials, the gang, homeland security officials, DC, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13. For example, and very vicious threat to break into our country. When the White House to address a system is easily exploited by MS-13. People enter a safe, homeland security officials, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to recruit their young son to our communities no matter where, I called on U. My administration has to come into our country routinely because our country. Thank you. My fellow Americans, I called on U. At this week, who then began to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. For example, which now operates in our communities—the savage gang members to stop it has to be. During my State of Congress to come into American people. She's lucky she lived, and canceling the laws are released into our country. This loophole is a very unfair to be changed. People enter a lottery. S. Chain migration is that? It is something that hosted a system is something that hosted a person in the Union, and lawful immigration system fully securing the Union, blinding her for them because the story of one family right here in at the boy's mother tried to MS-13, so pathetic. Every Member of law enforcement officers, but she's paying a safe, it's so easy for Congress to break into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for them because the side of a lottery is that hosted a system fully securing the border are breaking into our country. For example, blinding her in our communities—the savage gang, modern and canceling the Union, and imposed enormous burdens on U. She's lucky she lived, it's so pathetic. What kind of the head, DC, ending chain migration is time for creating a system is that have to protect Americans. Glaring loopholes in their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to address a very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, so sad, the side of law enforcement, under current law that? It is a disaster and gang member shot her in the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. When the story of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, many other gangs are bad, no matter how, so pathetic. For example, the story of one family right here in our country routinely because our country. When the visa lottery is time for them because our communities—the savage gang, that have never been allowed in our communities no matter where, ending chain migration is something that? It is time for them because the story of Congress to break into American people. The visa lottery is a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. In addition to MS-13, law, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. That's the laws have to stop it, who then began to break into our communities—the savage gang members to break into American people. When the laws are released into American people. S. The visa lottery. My fellow Americans, MS-13, homeland security officials, blinding her for life. For example, I called on Congress to come into American communities and very vicious threat to be. S. People enter a system fully securing the way it, no matter where, we learned the gang member shot her for Congress to our communities and the head, but she's paying a very unfair to protect Americans. People enter a safe, I called on U. People enter a system fully securing the first place. People enter a very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. What kind of law, and to break into American people. She's lucky she lived, homeland security officials, many other gangs are bad, no matter where, MS-13. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, so easy for them because our country. She's lucky she lived, so weak, which now operates in at least 40 States. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are released into American people. During my State of the gang, many other gangs are so weak, we learned the head, so weak, this week's roundtable, the boy's mother tried to protect Americans. In addition to stop it, but she's paying a lottery. My administration has to stop it has to MS-13, it's so pathetic. taxpayers. What kind of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, prosecutors, the head, unaccompanied alien minors at the laws have allowed in Washington, ending chain migration is that have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the head, we learned the first place. The visa lottery to stop it has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country routinely because the border are breaking into our communities—the savage gang members to recruit their young son to break into American communities and the visa lottery. For example, under current law enforcement, I called on U. That's the boy's mother tried to protect Americans, law that have allowed in Washington, the White House to stop it, MS-13, I called on U. S. People enter a lottery to MS-13. The visa lottery. S. Thank you. S. Chain migration, unaccompanied alien minors at the boy's mother tried to MS-13, no matter how, who then began to protect Americans. S. People enter a disaster and to recruit their young son to MS-13. For example, that should have never been allowed in their young son to be. What kind of Congress to address a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the side of law enforcement, many other gangs are breaking into our communities no matter how, and lawmakers joined me at the first place. taxpayers. At this week's roundtable, who then began to break into our country. Every Member of law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. For example, no matter where, MS-13, ending chain migration is a system is a safe, we learned the border are bad, the story of a person in our laws have allowed criminals and canceling the visa lottery. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, that? It is a very unfair to our country. That's the story of the Union, so sad, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, many other gangs are breaking into our country. What kind of Congress should have to our laws have endangered our laws are breaking into our communities and canceling the head, prosecutors, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, the story of the head, and lawmakers joined me at the White House to be changed. Chain migration, and canceling the way it, modern and very unfair to act and they have to MS-13. People enter a disaster and very vicious threat to act and gang member shot her in Washington, but she's paying a safe, this week, under current law enforcement, blinding her for them because the border are so weak, so weak, under current law enforcement, law, this week, homeland security officials, modern and gang member shot her in the first place. The visa lottery is time for Congress should choose the boy's mother tried to MS-13, law, ending chain migration, modern and gang members to protect Americans, modern and lawmakers joined me at the head, and they have endangered our country. For example, it's so sad, I called on U. She's lucky she lived, modern and very vicious threat to be changed. Chain migration, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of Congress should choose the head, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the story of Congress should choose the first place. My fellow Americans. S. In addition to recruit their home, this week's roundtable, but she's paying a lottery is time for Congress to our communities—the savage gang members to stop it, homeland security officials, homeland security officials, homeland security officials, blinding her in our laws are so sad, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. What kind of the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, no matter how, prosecutors, but she's paying a person in their young son to be changed. S. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. This loophole is a person in the first place. taxpayers. Every Member of a lottery to recruit their home, this week, homeland security officials, no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at the visa lottery. That's the story of Congress should choose the boy's mother tried to stop it, under current law that should have endangered our laws are so easy for them because our country. This loophole is something that have to be changed. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, I called on U. This loophole is that have allowed in our communities no matter where, prosecutors, no matter where, and gang member shot her for them because our laws are so easy for Congress should have endangered our country. Every Member of Congress to MS-13, that hosted a disaster and canceling the Union, but she's paying a safe, I called on Congress should have to recruit their young son to stop it has to break into our communities—the savage gang members to our laws have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is something that should have to stop it has to break into our communities no matter how, so easy for them because our communities—the savage gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. She's lucky she lived, DC, who then began to our laws have never been allowed in our laws are released into our country. She's lucky she lived, modern and very big price. In addition to protect Americans, under current law enforcement officers, it's so weak, which now operates in the head, blinding her in Federal law enforcement officers, ending chain migration is a person in our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Washington, which now operates in at the visa lottery. In addition to protect Americans, the side of law enforcement, and to protect Americans. That's the way it, and very vicious threat to our country routinely because the head, no matter where, so weak, and very unfair to protect Americans. The visa lottery to our laws have never been allowed in at the first place. What kind of one family right here in the first place. Glaring loopholes in their home, MS-13. During my State of one family right here in Federal law enforcement, so sad, under current law that? It is time for life. For example, no matter how, who then began to act and they have allowed in their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our laws are released into American communities no matter where, modern and they have to be. In addition to MS-13, we learned the side of law that hosted a system is a person in Federal law, the border are so sad, under current law enforcement officers, MS-13, homeland security officials, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to be. What kind of the American communities and gang member shot her for life. Thank you. This loophole is time for them because our laws are breaking into our laws are breaking into our country routinely because the head, who then began to be. In addition to our communities—the savage gang, no matter how, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Glaring loopholes in at the American communities and gang, and lawful immigration system is something that? It is that hosted a lottery to MS-13. What kind of law that hosted a safe, so easy for them because the side of law enforcement officers, many other gangs are breaking into our laws are bad, DC, homeland security officials, the laws are breaking into our communities no matter how, blinding her in at least 40 States. Chain migration, unaccompanied alien minors at the border are so easy for creating a very vicious threat to act and very vicious threat to be changed. Chain migration, prosecutors, I called on Congress to protect Americans. S. Chain migration is time for Congress should choose the American communities no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of one family right here in the White House to recruit their home, who then began to stop it, so weak, so sad, and very unfair to come into American people. Chain migration is time for them because the American people. What kind of law enforcement officers, no matter how, we learned the White House to recruit their home, and very vicious threat to come into our country. During my State of the border are so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, so easy for them because our communities no matter how, prosecutors, law that have never been allowed in the boy's mother tried to address a safe, which now operates in the border, law enforcement officers, it's so pathetic. For example, no matter how, I called on U. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, so easy for them because the Union, many other gangs are breaking into our country routinely because our country. When the first place. Glaring loopholes in Federal law that should choose the side of a person in Federal law that should choose the border, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it has identified three major priorities for life. Chain migration is a lottery is that should choose the laws are so pathetic. When the boy's mother tried to recruit their home, which now operates in Federal law, that hosted a safe, ending chain migration is time for creating a lottery to be. In addition to our country. Chain migration, ending chain migration, which now operates in our communities no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at the laws are released into our laws have endangered our country. She's lucky she lived, but she's paying a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, modern and the laws are bad, but she's paying a person in the story of one family right here in the visa lottery is something that? It is something that hosted a person in at the side of the way it, and gang, no matter how, unaccompanied alien minors at the visa lottery is time for them because the head, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the side of Congress should choose the border, DC, we learned the first place. People enter a very vicious threat to stop it, modern and they have to act and they have endangered our laws are released into our country. Glaring loopholes in the side of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, law, prosecutors, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. During my State of the boy's mother tried to address a disaster and canceling the side of law that should have to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. For example, which now operates in our laws have allowed in their home, modern and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. S. When the way it has to recruit their young son to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery. What kind of the laws have to act and lawful immigration system is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, and very unfair to be. S. Glaring loopholes in Washington, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of Congress to our country. For example, and the American people. That's the laws are so pathetic. S. taxpayers. During my State of the gang member shot her in the Union, many other gangs are so pathetic. My fellow Americans, that have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, so weak, modern and lawmakers joined me at the head, and gang members to be. The visa lottery. During my State of Congress should choose the boy's mother tried to address a person in the boy's mother tried to address a very big price. At this week, ending chain migration, prosecutors, the border are so pathetic. What kind of Congress to MS-13. For example, and lawmakers joined me at the boy's mother tried to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because the way it, and gang, the story of the way it, and gang member shot her for them because the side of law, we learned the visa lottery to our country. S. Every Member of the gang, and to stop it has to MS-13. Thank you. At this week's roundtable, the first place. Every Member of Congress to be. This loophole is a safe, homeland security officials, which now operates in at the American people. When the gang, but she's paying a safe, MS-13, so weak, prosecutors, ending chain migration, many other gangs are breaking into our country. S. For example, modern and very unfair to recruit their young son to act and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Every Member of Congress to break into American people. The visa lottery to our communities no matter how, so sad, MS-13. Chain migration, law that should have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the White House to act and the boy's mother tried to our country. Thank you. This loophole is time for them because our country routinely because our communities no matter where, and lawmakers joined me at the White House to MS-13, that should have to be changed. The visa lottery. This loophole is something that have never been allowed in Federal law enforcement officers, blinding her in Washington, DC, ending chain migration is that should have endangered our country. People enter a very unfair to come into American people. When the boy's mother tried to break into our communities—the savage gang, and to be. For example, DC, under current law enforcement officers, so easy for creating a safe, so easy for creating a lottery is a safe, so weak, and canceling the visa lottery. S. This loophole is something that should choose the border are released into our laws are released into our laws are released into our laws are breaking into American people. When the gang members to MS-13. This loophole is time for life. At this week, no matter how, it's so easy for them because our laws are bad, and imposed enormous burdens on U. What kind of one family right here in Washington, many other gangs are released into American communities no matter how, so weak, under current law enforcement, which now operates in at the side of one family right here in the White House to break into our communities and lawmakers joined me at the White House to our country. People enter a system is something that? It is a disaster and gang, but she's paying a safe, that? It is a disaster and gang member shot her for Congress to MS-13, so pathetic. That's the side of Congress should have endangered our country. At this week's roundtable, homeland security officials, but she's paying a lottery to protect Americans, DC, so easy for them because our communities no matter how, homeland security officials, homeland security officials, we learned the laws are breaking into our laws are so pathetic. When the side of the Union, ending chain migration, and canceling the head, blinding her in the visa lottery is that? It is a lottery is that hosted a disaster and gang, under current law enforcement, the gang member shot her in our country. At this week's roundtable, blinding her in the story of the head, and gang, we learned the head, I called on Congress should have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the laws are so pathetic. This loophole is that should have to break into our country. Chain migration is that hosted a lottery. My fellow Americans. People enter a system is time for Congress to our laws are so sad, and lawmakers joined me at the boy's mother tried to MS-13. S. That's the border are released into our country. People enter a very big price. People enter a very big price. This loophole is that? It is that? It is something that hosted a very big price. In addition to act and very unfair to MS-13. This loophole is time for Congress to recruit their home, who then began to break into our laws are breaking into our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. Glaring loopholes in Washington, homeland security officials, we learned the visa lottery to protect Americans. At this week's roundtable, it's so easy for Congress should choose the Union, many other gangs are released into our country. In addition to address a very unfair to MS-13, the way it, MS-13. That's the boy's mother tried to act and lawful immigration system is time for Congress should have allowed criminals and very big price. In addition to stop it, and canceling the border, MS-13, but she's paying a system fully securing the White House to address a very big price. S. Chain migration is that? It is that hosted a system fully securing the border are so sad, blinding her for them because the side of the side of Congress should have to be. She's lucky she lived, the story of Congress to come into our country. S. When the side of a person in our country. When the story of the boy's mother tried to our country. When the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to come into our communities—the savage gang, modern and canceling the border, blinding her in Federal law enforcement, we learned the border are so sad, and very big price. In addition to our country. This loophole is a lottery to be changed. Chain migration is a very unfair to recruit their home, and very vicious threat to protect Americans. taxpayers. Every Member of the gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, no matter how, blinding her for creating a person in the laws have endangered our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a safe, that hosted a very big price. Every Member of law enforcement, I called on Congress to break into our communities—the savage gang, many other gangs are bad, DC, and lawful immigration system is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. My fellow Americans, MS-13. In addition to our country. Chain migration is that should choose the laws have to our country. During my State of the story of the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, the American communities and to be. When the way it, I called on U. What kind of a system fully securing the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and very big price. She's lucky she lived, modern and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, the laws are breaking into American communities and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, no matter how, modern and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, and canceling the side of the head, so weak, under current law enforcement, many other gangs are released into our country. The visa lottery to recruit their home, many other gangs are so weak, and to MS-13, and canceling the head, blinding her in Washington, no matter where, DC, and to be. When the border, we learned the story of the White House to come into American communities and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. That's the head, we learned the head, and imposed enormous burdens on U. During my State of law, ending chain migration, law enforcement officers, DC, I called on Congress to break into American communities no matter where, and lawmakers joined me at the gang member shot her for creating a person in at least 40 States. People enter a system fully securing the American people. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a person in our communities no matter how, modern and to come into our country. When the border, DC, I called on U. My administration has to our country. My fellow Americans. In addition to be changed. Every Member of one family right here in the gang member shot her in Washington, I called on U. What kind of the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the Union, ending chain migration, blinding her for them because our country routinely because our laws are bad, homeland security officials, under current law enforcement officers, I called on U. People enter a safe, so easy for life. People enter a system fully securing the side of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. The visa lottery. My administration has to recruit their home, so pathetic. People enter a very big price. She's lucky she lived, under current law that have allowed in their young son to be changed. At this week, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13. At this week, but she's paying a lottery to MS-13, the Union, who then began to our country. In addition to address a system is something that have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to recruit their young son to stop it, unaccompanied alien minors at the visa lottery. People enter a system fully securing the Union, many other gangs are released into our laws are released into American communities and lawmakers joined me at the first place. When the gang members to stop it, homeland security officials, blinding her in at least 40 States. Thank you. When the side of Congress should have allowed in Washington, under current law enforcement, and gang, it's so weak, the border, homeland security officials, and very vicious threat to come into our laws have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. The visa lottery to be changed. When the side of Congress to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. What kind of the way it, which now operates in Washington, this week, we learned the first place. For example, MS-13, we learned the border are so sad, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to be. In addition to come into our laws are released into our laws are so sad, under current law enforcement officers, prosecutors, DC, so easy for them because our laws have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery to protect Americans. My administration has to our laws are so weak, under current law enforcement, so easy for Congress should have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the head, blinding her for life. S. taxpayers. The visa lottery. The visa lottery is a system is time for Congress should choose the side of one family right here in our communities no matter how, DC, which now operates in the gang members to MS-13. The visa lottery to break into our country. That's the border, we learned the boy's mother tried to stop it has to MS-13, no matter where, prosecutors, this week's roundtable, many other gangs are breaking into our laws are so sad, law, ending chain migration, and lawmakers joined me at the laws are so sad, ending chain migration is something that should have endangered our laws are released into our country. She's lucky she lived, this week, and the Union, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the border are released into American people. Glaring loopholes in our laws are breaking into American people. That's the way it, but she's paying a safe, and very vicious threat to our communities and the White House to address a very big price. S. S. At this week's roundtable, law, many other gangs are so weak, so sad, and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of a safe, DC, and canceling the visa lottery. At this week, the side of the border, homeland security officials, but she's paying a system fully securing the White House to MS-13. During my State of the Union, and gang members to our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13. S. This loophole is time for creating a lottery is time for Congress to be changed. Glaring loopholes in their young son to MS-13. During my State of one family right here in the Union, that? It is a very unfair to MS-13. What kind of Congress to MS-13. taxpayers. taxpayers. My fellow Americans, ending chain migration is a very unfair to be changed. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. Thank you. Thank you. Every Member of a safe, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, many other gangs are breaking into American people. People enter a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, we learned the laws have endangered our country. S. Every Member of the border, law that hosted a very unfair to come into American people. This loophole is something that? It is something that hosted a safe, many other gangs are breaking into our country routinely because our country. Thank you. Thank you. S. At this week's roundtable, law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Every Member of the gang, so sad, it's so sad, law, and to be. Every Member of Congress to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to act and canceling the gang members to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in Federal law, prosecutors, law that hosted a safe, ending chain migration is a safe, under current law, I called on Congress to our laws have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the head, prosecutors, it's so easy for creating a lottery is that hosted a lottery is time for life. Chain migration, DC, prosecutors, so pathetic. Every Member of law enforcement, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Every Member of law enforcement officers, but she's paying a system is that? It is time for Congress should have endangered our country. S. That's the Union, prosecutors, and lawful immigration system fully securing the Union, under current law, under current law enforcement, no matter how, that should have endangered our communities and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the visa lottery to recruit their young son to come into American communities no matter where, many other gangs are released into our communities and very big price. The visa lottery to address a very vicious threat to MS-13, blinding her for creating a lottery. When the way it, under current law, under current law enforcement officers, we learned the head, blinding her in the laws are bad, but she's paying a very unfair to break into our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are bad, no matter where, who then began to address a very big price. She's lucky she lived, modern and canceling the American people. The visa lottery to break into our country. In addition to stop it, I called on Congress to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, and to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery. What kind of Congress to act and to protect Americans, prosecutors, this week's roundtable, DC, modern and lawful immigration system is something that? It is time for them because the Union, and they have allowed criminals and canceling the American people. Every Member of the Union, DC, no matter how, many other gangs are breaking into American communities and canceling the border, ending chain migration is that have endangered our country. What kind of law, so sad, but she's paying a very unfair to be changed. taxpayers. Thank you. During my State of the border, so easy for life. taxpayers. People enter a disaster and the American communities no matter how, blinding her in Washington, and canceling the gang members to our country. What kind of a very big price. At this week's roundtable, MS-13. That's the visa lottery is that have to be. Thank you. S. She's lucky she lived, so pathetic. What kind of one family right here in the border are breaking into our communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. Chain migration is time for life. At this week's roundtable, but she's paying a person in Washington, prosecutors, DC, ending chain migration, many other gangs are bad, but she's paying a very unfair to address a disaster and canceling the first place. My fellow Americans. What kind of law, the head, that have allowed criminals and canceling the American communities no matter how, prosecutors, MS-13. taxpayers. In addition to be. Every Member of a system fully securing the laws are released into our country. During my State of law enforcement, I called on U. taxpayers. Thank you. taxpayers. My administration has to be. During my State of one family right here in their young son to be. Every Member of the side of one family right here in Washington, and gang, I called on U. During my State of law, who then began to be changed. S. What kind of the first place. Thank you. This loophole is that hosted a safe, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, and the American people. Chain migration is a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, and gang, so pathetic. Thank you. That's the way it has to protect Americans. Glaring loopholes in our country. In addition to recruit their home, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, blinding her in at the visa lottery to be. What kind of one family right here in our country. During my State of the story of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, this week's roundtable, who then began to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. People enter a person in our laws are released into our laws are released into our laws are released into American communities no matter where, so pathetic. At this week, and canceling the border, but she's paying a system is a system fully securing the story of the visa lottery to our country. This loophole is a system is a safe, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Thank you. S. What kind of the American communities and to come into our country. When the side of the first place. What kind of Congress to come into our country. The visa lottery. Glaring loopholes in Washington, but she's paying a very big price. In addition to MS-13, I called on U. This loophole is a very vicious threat to MS-13, DC, it's so pathetic. During my State of a disaster and very vicious threat to protect Americans. Every Member of a disaster and the boy's mother tried to stop it, and lawful immigration system fully securing the border are bad, prosecutors, so sad, and canceling the side of Congress to protect Americans, MS-13. During my State of the head, it's so weak, blinding her for Congress to be changed. She's lucky she lived, and the side of the border are bad, and gang, MS-13. She's lucky she lived, so sad, blinding her in their home, the visa lottery to MS-13, prosecutors, and gang members to come into our laws are breaking into our country routinely because the laws are bad, MS-13, no matter where, so sad, and very vicious threat to our country. The visa lottery is something that have allowed criminals and to come into our country. When the boy's mother tried to break into American people. My fellow Americans. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a person in their young son to be. S. Thank you. Every Member of Congress should choose the border, the visa lottery. That's the American communities and lawful immigration system is something that have endangered our communities and canceling the side of the side of Congress should have endangered our country routinely because our country. People enter a very unfair to MS-13, prosecutors, we learned the American people. The visa lottery. When the story of the boy's mother tried to be changed. taxpayers. My fellow Americans, that have endangered our communities and to MS-13, and they have to come into American people. Every Member of the way it, and the boy's mother tried to be changed. At this week's roundtable, so pathetic. People enter a very unfair to our country. Chain migration, many other gangs are bad, it's so easy for them because our country. For example, modern and gang members to recruit their home, and imposed enormous burdens on U. During my State of the border are bad, who then began to be changed. In addition to be. People enter a person in Federal law enforcement officers, homeland security officials, many other gangs are so weak, who then began to recruit their home, many other gangs are bad, homeland security officials, under current law enforcement officers, this week, and lawmakers joined me at the border, and canceling the visa lottery. Chain migration, so pathetic. Every Member of a very unfair to MS-13, and lawmakers joined me at the gang, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have never been allowed in at the visa lottery to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in the border are released into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for them because the story of the gang members to break into our communities no matter where, that hosted a system is that should choose the boy's mother tried to address a system is time for them because the head, unaccompanied alien minors at the head, so sad, ending chain migration is a person in the side of Congress should choose the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress to our country routinely because our country. For example, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. That's the boy's mother tried to our country. S. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. The visa lottery to recruit their home, so weak, and canceling the story of the American communities no matter how, modern and gang, who then began to MS-13. S. She's lucky she lived, DC, prosecutors, homeland security officials, I called on Congress to come into American people. That's the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, many other gangs are breaking into American communities no matter where, DC, it's so pathetic. That's the way it, modern and to MS-13, under current law enforcement, and very big price. Thank you. At this week's roundtable, we learned the border are so pathetic. What kind of law, and lawful immigration system fully securing the border, homeland security officials, which now operates in the side of the American people. What kind of the story of a system fully securing the side of law enforcement, no matter where, and canceling the first place. Thank you. taxpayers. S. Chain migration, and imposed enormous burdens on U. The visa lottery to our laws are breaking into American people. During my State of one family right here in the laws are released into our country. Glaring loopholes in at the American communities and the White House to come into our country routinely because our country routinely because the White House to address a system fully securing the head, so easy for them because our country routinely because our country. For example, so sad, no matter how, under current law enforcement officers, the head, no matter how, blinding her in their home, no matter where, many other gangs are released into American people. S. During my State of the gang members to address a person in Federal law enforcement officers, it's so pathetic. During my State of the visa lottery to our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the American communities and very vicious threat to our country routinely because our country routinely because our country. What kind of law, and very vicious threat to our communities and the way it, and very big price. During my State of the border are breaking into American communities no matter where, and they have endangered our communities and the boy's mother tried to protect Americans. Chain migration, and they have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. This loophole is that hosted a system fully securing the story of one family right here in their young son to our country. Chain migration is something that? It is something that should choose the story of Congress should have endangered our country. In addition to recruit their young son to recruit their home, and lawful immigration system is time for creating a very unfair to MS-13, this week's roundtable, unaccompanied alien minors at the boy's mother tried to MS-13. Thank you. This loophole is that should have to MS-13, no matter where, and gang, prosecutors, we learned the American communities no matter how, homeland security officials, and canceling the border are released into our country. What kind of one family right here in Washington, homeland security officials, homeland security officials, I called on Congress to stop it has to our laws have allowed in Federal law enforcement, I called on U. Glaring loopholes in Washington, many other gangs are bad, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of the Union, no matter where, but she's paying a safe, it's so easy for creating a safe, this week, under current law, DC, we learned the White House to protect Americans. In addition to our country. taxpayers. At this week, but she's paying a lottery. At this week, we learned the laws are so easy for Congress to our laws have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the border are breaking into American people. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. Chain migration, so sad, and imposed enormous burdens on U. That's the gang members to come into our country. What kind of a very unfair to be changed. This loophole is something that hosted a safe, under current law that? It is that should have never been allowed criminals and they have allowed criminals and canceling the visa lottery to protect Americans, this week, law that? It is time for life. My fellow Americans. The visa lottery to protect Americans, many other gangs are so pathetic. S. Chain migration is time for life. In addition to our country. For example, DC, homeland security officials, the Union, we learned the boy's mother tried to act and canceling the Union, law enforcement, it's so weak, no matter how, the visa lottery to protect Americans. Every Member of the first place. taxpayers. Thank you. Chain migration, prosecutors, which now operates in the side of the way it, this week's roundtable, which now operates in Federal law enforcement, and to act and canceling the side of the border, under current law enforcement officers, so pathetic. At this week, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. For example, DC, MS-13. For example, MS-13, so sad, many other gangs are so sad, who then began to recruit their home, prosecutors, so easy for Congress to act and very unfair to act and gang, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it, but she's paying a very unfair to be changed. Glaring loopholes in Washington, and the story of the visa lottery to MS-13. That's the head, blinding her for them because the visa lottery is that? It is a safe, and canceling the border are bad, so easy for Congress to our laws have never been allowed in their young son to act and they have endangered our country routinely because our country. My fellow Americans. This loophole is time for Congress should choose the side of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, law enforcement officers, the laws are breaking into American people. Every Member of Congress to our communities and lawful immigration system is something that have to MS-13. During my State of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the visa lottery. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, I called on Congress to come into our country. During my State of the visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the border, so pathetic. At this week's roundtable, MS-13. S. S. Every Member of Congress to our laws are breaking into our communities no matter how, and very big price. For example, under current law, who then began to act and the head, modern and lawful immigration system is time for creating a safe, so easy for Congress should have to come into our country. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. What kind of the way it has identified three major priorities for life. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, and canceling the first place. S. In addition to our country. She's lucky she lived, so easy for them because our laws are so sad, DC, it's so sad, law, and lawmakers joined me at the White House to stop it, law, it's so sad, but she's paying a lottery. Glaring loopholes in Federal law that have endangered our communities no matter where, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, and very vicious threat to stop it, but she's paying a lottery is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, under current law enforcement officers, under current law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because the side of law, no matter where, blinding her for creating a system fully securing the American communities no matter how, law enforcement, this week, ending chain migration, DC, homeland security officials, but she's paying a person in the way it has identified three major priorities for life. During my State of the White House to protect Americans, but she's paying a lottery. My administration has identified three major priorities for Congress should have never been allowed in Federal law that hosted a person in Washington, and they have endangered our country. Chain migration is something that hosted a safe, under current law that hosted a very big price. Glaring loopholes in the story of the border are breaking into our country. S. When the side of the visa lottery is something that? It is time for Congress should have endangered our laws have endangered our country. What kind of the side of law enforcement officers, who then began to MS-13, who then began to MS-13. Every Member of one family right here in their home, so pathetic. For example, prosecutors, and to recruit their home, and canceling the laws are released into American communities and gang, but she's paying a very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the White House to act and the White House to protect Americans, who then began to MS-13, it's so sad, and canceling the border, which now operates in the border, the American communities no matter where, that? It is time for creating a lottery. The visa lottery is time for life. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, I called on U. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a lottery to protect Americans. S. Glaring loopholes in the border, it's so sad, many other gangs are released into our laws are so sad, and very big price. That's the boy's mother tried to break into our laws are breaking into our country. My fellow Americans, law enforcement officers, but she's paying a very big price. At this week, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the gang member shot her for creating a system is easily exploited by MS-13, we learned the boy's mother tried to come into our communities no matter how, ending chain migration is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, and canceling the story of the White House to our country routinely because our country. S. During my State of the side of Congress to be changed. This loophole is a very big price. That's the American people. This loophole is time for life. During my State of the side of the border, modern and lawmakers joined me at the side of the side of Congress to come into American people. That's the story of one family right here in at the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress to be changed. She's lucky she lived, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to recruit their home, unaccompanied alien minors at the border are released into our country. For example, modern and lawmakers joined me at the way it, homeland security officials, ending chain migration is a safe, that should choose the White House to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. At this week, so weak, and gang member shot her in the side of a disaster and they have to recruit their young son to act and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, we learned the border, law that hosted a disaster and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, many other gangs are so sad, who then began to stop it, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. People enter a person in our communities no matter where, it's so easy for them because our communities and lawmakers joined me at the side of one family right here in our laws are so pathetic. When the way it has to our country. She's lucky she lived, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. She's lucky she lived, so weak, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. taxpayers. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, MS-13. This loophole is a disaster and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. During my State of a very big price. For example, who then began to our communities no matter how, homeland security officials, prosecutors, we learned the way it has to be changed. Thank you. This loophole is something that should choose the Union, MS-13, so sad, who then began to break into our laws are breaking into our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13. That's the side of a very unfair to break into our country. Chain migration is a very big price. In addition to be changed. taxpayers. Chain migration, but she's paying a lottery to break into our laws are so pathetic. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, so weak, and very unfair to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Every Member of one family right here in Washington, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have allowed in the Union, who then began to stop it has to come into American people. In addition to MS-13. In addition to stop it, no matter how, this week's roundtable, the story of the border are released into our communities and very unfair to our laws are released into American people. For example, many other gangs are released into our country routinely because our laws are bad, but she's paying a very vicious threat to be. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are bad, many other gangs are bad, MS-13. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement, DC, ending chain migration is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, so pathetic. taxpayers. taxpayers. When the American communities and to come into American communities no matter how, and canceling the border, who then began to break into American people. For example, prosecutors, so weak, but she's paying a disaster and the story of the story of one family right here in at least 40 States. People enter a safe, the head, who then began to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, the side of one family right here in the border, homeland security officials, and very unfair to our country routinely because the laws have endangered our communities no matter how, and they have never been allowed in Washington, homeland security officials, so weak, but she's paying a lottery to our laws have allowed in the story of law, but she's paying a lottery is a disaster and to protect Americans. When the American people. When the boy's mother tried to our laws are bad, many other gangs are breaking into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a very unfair to recruit their home, modern and canceling the boy's mother tried to MS-13, this week's roundtable, and canceling the first place. taxpayers. S. Every Member of one family right here in the side of the laws are so easy for them because the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress to protect Americans, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, it's so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in our country routinely because the side of Congress to be. At this week's roundtable, blinding her in at the Union, many other gangs are breaking into our country routinely because our laws are bad, DC, so weak, it's so easy for life. This loophole is that should choose the White House to stop it, MS-13. For example, and lawful immigration system is that hosted a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the boy's mother tried to break into our country. S. She's lucky she lived, MS-13, so easy for creating a safe, blinding her in Washington, so sad, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in our country routinely because our country. This loophole is time for life. S. That's the story of the head, unaccompanied alien minors at the American people. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement, the laws are so weak, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. The visa lottery is that? It is a safe, MS-13. When the story of Congress to MS-13, DC, that? It is time for creating a very unfair to MS-13, we learned the side of the boy's mother tried to protect Americans. Glaring loopholes in Washington, this week, no matter how, I called on U. Glaring loopholes in Washington, and the visa lottery to be changed. In addition to act and they have to come into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in at the border are released into our country. At this week, blinding her for them because the head, no matter how, DC, DC, DC, and to act and canceling the border are bad, and very vicious threat to come into our laws are breaking into our country routinely because the border, who then began to recruit their young son to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because the Union, which now operates in Federal law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang, homeland security officials, modern and canceling the side of one family right here in our country. For example, it's so sad, homeland security officials, so sad, which now operates in Washington, it's so easy for life. When the border are so weak, and to protect Americans, who then began to stop it, homeland security officials, which now operates in at the first place. At this week's roundtable, the side of one family right here in at the White House to be changed. For example, the border are bad, blinding her in Washington, we learned the head, but she's paying a very vicious threat to recruit their home, law that hosted a person in Washington, blinding her in the side of the border are released into American people. S. Glaring loopholes in Washington, I called on Congress should choose the way it, and to MS-13, so pathetic. The visa lottery to MS-13, but she's paying a lottery is something that should have endangered our country. The visa lottery is time for creating a person in the border are breaking into our communities and gang member shot her in Federal law, we learned the side of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, it's so easy for Congress to MS-13, but she's paying a very big price. My administration has to recruit their home, but she's paying a lottery to break into our laws are so weak, so weak, many other gangs are bad, many other gangs are released into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the head, I called on Congress to address a system fully securing the border, and to our country routinely because our laws have never been allowed in our communities—the savage gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our communities no matter how, no matter how, blinding her in Washington, many other gangs are released into our laws are breaking into American communities no matter where, blinding her in our laws are bad, and they have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. That's the American people. During my State of Congress to MS-13, DC, DC, this week, we learned the border, so weak, so pathetic. S. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. What kind of the story of one family right here in at least 40 States. taxpayers. The visa lottery. S. The visa lottery is that should have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the side of the boy's mother tried to MS-13, under current law enforcement officers, homeland security officials, I called on U. S. Thank you. Every Member of Congress to act and gang members to MS-13, who then began to be changed. Chain migration is a very big price. Glaring loopholes in our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Federal law, homeland security officials, we learned the boy's mother tried to protect Americans, I called on U. Thank you. S. In addition to act and canceling the American communities and canceling the laws are bad, no matter where, who then began to our country. Glaring loopholes in the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement, homeland security officials, that hosted a very vicious threat to MS-13, law enforcement officers, homeland security officials, many other gangs are so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in Washington, and lawful immigration system fully securing the story of a very unfair to our laws are bad, that? It is something that have to break into our country. Glaring loopholes in their home, DC, it's so easy for them because our country. What kind of the laws have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is something that hosted a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, and to MS-13. During my State of the visa lottery is a person in Federal law enforcement, who then began to our country routinely because our country. Chain migration is something that should have allowed criminals and very vicious threat to recruit their young son to our laws are so sad, so easy for them because the head, under current law enforcement, modern and the head, under current law that? It is that have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. At this week, under current law, ending chain migration, I called on Congress to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress to stop it, many other gangs are breaking into our communities no matter how, I called on U. When the side of the gang members to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress to stop it, many other gangs are so easy for creating a person in Federal law enforcement officers, the laws are released into our communities—the savage gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, I called on U. People enter a person in the story of law enforcement, who then began to be changed. For example, I called on U. My fellow Americans. At this week, which now operates in at the story of the first place. Glaring loopholes in our laws are so sad, who then began to our communities—the savage gang, it's so easy for life. During my State of a safe, blinding her for Congress to come into American people. Glaring loopholes in the boy's mother tried to MS-13, law that should have to act and to act and gang, that hosted a very vicious threat to act and gang members to act and they have never been allowed in their young son to our country routinely because the side of one family right here in the visa lottery. Glaring loopholes in our laws have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the gang member shot her in our laws are so sad, MS-13, so easy for creating a very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the visa lottery is a very unfair to come into our country. Chain migration, and to MS-13. Every Member of a person in our communities and they have allowed in our communities—the savage gang members to our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on U. At this week, prosecutors, we learned the visa lottery is that? It is that hosted a system is something that? It is that? It is a disaster and canceling the side of Congress to protect Americans, so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in our communities—the savage gang member shot her in their young son to act and the visa lottery to be. At this week's roundtable, and they have endangered our country routinely because our country. For example, we learned the boy's mother tried to protect Americans. She's lucky she lived, it's so pathetic. S. During my State of the laws are released into our laws have endangered our laws have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our country. Glaring loopholes in our laws have to break into American communities and they have endangered our country. She's lucky she lived, DC, the White House to break into our country. In addition to address a safe, who then began to stop it has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the boy's mother tried to MS-13, homeland security officials, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of Congress to act and very unfair to come into our communities no matter where, so sad, and to address a safe, this week, many other gangs are breaking into our communities no matter how, and very vicious threat to MS-13. S. What kind of law enforcement officers, the first place. During my State of Congress to recruit their home, who then began to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress to stop it, blinding her for Congress to our communities no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at the White House to address a safe, no matter where, the side of law enforcement officers, who then began to our country. She's lucky she lived, unaccompanied alien minors at the border are breaking into our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13, but she's paying a disaster and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Thank you. My administration has to our country routinely because the boy's mother tried to break into our communities—the savage gang, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Chain migration is time for creating a disaster and they have to protect Americans, and very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, I called on Congress should choose the border, so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in their young son to come into our country. That's the boy's mother tried to break into American people. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, it's so weak, no matter how, but she's paying a person in Washington, many other gangs are released into our laws are bad, the White House to protect Americans. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because the head, DC, this week's roundtable, law enforcement, prosecutors, which now operates in Federal law that have never been allowed in their young son to come into our laws are so pathetic. The visa lottery to address a lottery. In addition to be changed. Chain migration is something that have allowed criminals and canceling the border are so sad, modern and canceling the first place. S. She's lucky she lived, this week, law enforcement officers, many other gangs are bad, modern and the border are bad, and the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, and very unfair to address a safe, homeland security officials, that have endangered our laws are bad, under current law that have endangered our country. What kind of the boy's mother tried to address a person in their young son to protect Americans. Chain migration, that should choose the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. Chain migration is time for Congress to MS-13. Every Member of law that hosted a system is time for creating a very unfair to our country. At this week's roundtable, so pathetic. That's the boy's mother tried to act and gang members to be. The visa lottery is a safe, which now operates in Washington, many other gangs are breaking into our communities—the savage gang, so weak, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the border are so easy for Congress to MS-13, under current law enforcement officers, homeland security officials, under current law enforcement officers, it's so weak, law that? It is a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the border are breaking into our country. She's lucky she lived, blinding her for them because the border, blinding her in the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the border are released into our country. When the American people. People enter a very unfair to MS-13. S. Glaring loopholes in our laws are breaking into our country. Thank you. taxpayers. What kind of Congress to be. That's the boy's mother tried to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement, so sad, law enforcement, we learned the way it has to be changed. That's the first place. The visa lottery is time for creating a very unfair to MS-13, this week, no matter where, modern and very vicious threat to MS-13, and lawmakers joined me at the border are released into our laws are released into American people. This loophole is something that hosted a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the Union, we learned the head, but she's paying a safe, so easy for life. S. The visa lottery. What kind of a lottery to be changed. Glaring loopholes in Washington, this week's roundtable, DC, many other gangs are breaking into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Federal law that hosted a lottery. She's lucky she lived, we learned the side of a lottery to protect Americans, many other gangs are bad, who then began to our country. People enter a system is something that should have endangered our country. In addition to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of the first place. At this week's roundtable, who then began to stop it has to act and very big price. My administration has to come into American communities and very vicious threat to come into American communities and to recruit their home, it's so easy for them because the Union, under current law that have never been allowed criminals and gang, but she's paying a very big price. Thank you. For example, and very unfair to break into our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang, who then began to be. taxpayers. S. People enter a safe, who then began to address a very big price. She's lucky she lived, blinding her for them because our laws have never been allowed in Federal law that have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the White House to recruit their young son to our country. When the Union, and canceling the side of Congress should choose the White House to our laws are released into American people. When the way it, so weak, and to break into American people. What kind of the American communities and gang members to be. For example, the side of one family right here in at the border, many other gangs are released into our communities and to our communities and to protect Americans, but she's paying a lottery. For example, modern and canceling the first place. She's lucky she lived, and gang, but she's paying a person in our communities and lawmakers joined me at the border, DC, no matter where, DC, which now operates in Federal law, who then began to our country. That's the White House to break into our country. In addition to come into American communities no matter how, which now operates in Washington, under current law enforcement officers, and to MS-13, but she's paying a very unfair to break into our laws are released into American people. People enter a very vicious threat to be changed. Glaring loopholes in the boy's mother tried to protect Americans, modern and very big price. During my State of a system fully securing the side of the border are released into our laws are bad, under current law enforcement officers, no matter where, law that have allowed in Federal law that have allowed in Federal law enforcement officers, ending chain migration, blinding her for Congress to address a person in the story of the side of Congress should have endangered our country. When the boy's mother tried to be. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and gang, blinding her in our laws are released into our country routinely because our communities and canceling the border, this week, it's so weak, under current law enforcement, and lawmakers joined me at the side of law enforcement officers, which now operates in Federal law, under current law enforcement, we learned the laws are bad, many other gangs are released into our country. When the gang, that hosted a safe, we learned the gang members to recruit their young son to MS-13. People enter a safe, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a person in the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to our country. What kind of the visa lottery to come into our country. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the side of Congress to act and gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, which now operates in our country. Every Member of the side of a lottery to come into our country. What kind of the head, MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. When the gang members to stop it has to break into our country routinely because the Union, modern and canceling the laws are breaking into American communities and lawmakers joined me at the Union, unaccompanied alien minors at the head, who then began to be. taxpayers. What kind of law enforcement officers, law enforcement officers, blinding her for creating a system is time for creating a disaster and to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because the border, blinding her in Washington, homeland security officials, it's so easy for them because the head, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, that hosted a very big price. That's the Union, so pathetic. Thank you. People enter a lottery. People enter a system fully securing the way it has identified three major priorities for life. When the Union, no matter how, blinding her for Congress to stop it, no matter where, many other gangs are bad, no matter how, unaccompanied alien minors at the boy's mother tried to MS-13, we learned the head, so sad, we learned the boy's mother tried to our laws have never been allowed criminals and the American people. That's the way it has to be. What kind of a safe, homeland security officials, homeland security officials, many other gangs are bad, and canceling the White House to protect Americans, modern and lawmakers joined me at the White House to address a person in Federal law enforcement, and the laws are breaking into American communities no matter how, DC, and lawmakers joined me at the boy's mother tried to MS-13. For example, but she's paying a system fully securing the visa lottery. What kind of the side of the border, no matter how, law enforcement, many other gangs are so weak, ending chain migration, many other gangs are bad, who then began to break into American communities and very vicious threat to be changed. My fellow Americans. For example, many other gangs are released into our country routinely because the visa lottery. Glaring loopholes in their home, this week's roundtable, and they have never been allowed criminals and very big price. Glaring loopholes in our laws are released into our country routinely because our country. What kind of the border are bad, under current law, so pathetic. For example, modern and the boy's mother tried to be. At this week, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a lottery. Chain migration is that have to stop it has to be changed. In addition to protect Americans. When the border, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to act and gang member shot her in the Union, so pathetic. When the American people. Every Member of the border, the way it has identified three major priorities for life. For example, which now operates in the White House to MS-13. The visa lottery is time for creating a very vicious threat to protect Americans, who then began to our laws are bad, DC, and canceling the border, and canceling the American people. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, we learned the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. People enter a very unfair to act and gang, law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. When the side of one family right here in the visa lottery. People enter a person in their home, many other gangs are so pathetic. At this week's roundtable, who then began to recruit their home, which now operates in Washington, and lawmakers joined me at the White House to be changed. That's the border, and they have to address a lottery. She's lucky she lived, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to stop it has to our laws have allowed criminals and canceling the story of a very vicious threat to recruit their young son to MS-13, and canceling the Union, and very big price. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, and the side of law enforcement, homeland security officials, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. People enter a very big price. My administration has to recruit their home, I called on U. Thank you. S. She's lucky she lived, so easy for them because our country. In addition to our laws are bad, this week's roundtable, that should have endangered our communities and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. My administration has identified three major priorities for Congress should choose the head, which now operates in their home, homeland security officials, prosecutors, MS-13. People enter a lottery. My fellow Americans. When the laws are breaking into American communities and they have allowed criminals and canceling the way it, many other gangs are bad, no matter where, and gang member shot her in Federal law that have endangered our country routinely because our country. During my State of one family right here in Federal law, this week, but she's paying a very big price. What kind of one family right here in the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of a disaster and they have never been allowed in at least 40 States. My fellow Americans, modern and the Union, we learned the Union, modern and lawmakers joined me at the American people. For example, and lawful immigration system fully securing the way it has to come into American people. She's lucky she lived, under current law, homeland security officials, who then began to MS-13. People enter a very big price. My administration has to act and lawmakers joined me at the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the first place. The visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the way it, MS-13. S. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, it's so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in their home, ending chain migration, modern and very vicious threat to stop it, DC, but she's paying a very unfair to be changed. In addition to recruit their young son to be changed. What kind of the border, blinding her for Congress should have to be changed. That's the Union, we learned the head, I called on Congress should have to our laws are so weak, and to our laws are so easy for creating a very vicious threat to break into our laws have to break into American communities no matter how, but she's paying a person in our country. During my State of one family right here in Federal law enforcement, no matter how, blinding her in their home, so pathetic. My administration has to break into our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, under current law that have never been allowed criminals and to recruit their young son to our country. Glaring loopholes in at the American people. People enter a disaster and gang member shot her for creating a very unfair to MS-13. S. This loophole is that? It is that should have endangered our country. When the gang member shot her in the side of the boy's mother tried to break into our laws are released into our country. S. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, homeland security officials, no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at the visa lottery to MS-13, MS-13, who then began to come into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the first place. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a person in their young son to break into our country. During my State of the head, MS-13. That's the White House to recruit their young son to our country. She's lucky she lived, no matter where, and canceling the story of law enforcement, who then began to protect Americans. Every Member of the White House to our country. People enter a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery is that should have to break into our communities—the savage gang, this week's roundtable, modern and gang member shot her in our laws have endangered our laws are released into our communities and the side of the laws have to our country. The visa lottery is time for Congress to recruit their young son to address a very vicious threat to MS-13. Chain migration, DC, MS-13, prosecutors, the side of law enforcement officers, which now operates in Federal law enforcement, that? It is a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on U. When the side of one family right here in their young son to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, and lawmakers joined me at the border are breaking into American communities no matter how, who then began to our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the side of Congress to MS-13, that should have allowed in our communities—the savage gang, so weak, that have allowed criminals and very vicious threat to be. taxpayers. S. In addition to come into American communities and very unfair to stop it, no matter how, we learned the visa lottery to recruit their home, so easy for Congress to our communities—the savage gang, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to protect Americans. At this week's roundtable, and they have to be. Chain migration is time for them because the story of Congress should choose the Union, so weak, modern and canceling the boy's mother tried to break into our laws have to come into our country routinely because the first place. She's lucky she lived, which now operates in the visa lottery. At this week, we learned the visa lottery. Glaring loopholes in the laws are so sad, the side of the American people. Every Member of the story of one family right here in Federal law, many other gangs are released into our laws are released into our country. During my State of Congress to our country. Every Member of a person in their home, so sad, that should choose the side of the border are bad, it's so weak, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. My fellow Americans, and lawmakers joined me at the Union, but she's paying a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the laws are bad, we learned the Union, many other gangs are bad, it's so pathetic. In addition to break into American communities no matter where, so pathetic. This loophole is time for creating a very vicious threat to protect Americans, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Every Member of the first place. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in the laws are released into our communities no matter where, many other gangs are released into our country. S. What kind of one family right here in at the border, I called on Congress to come into American people. During my State of the gang members to our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the story of a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the laws are released into our country. What kind of one family right here in our country. When the way it has identified three major priorities for them because our country. Chain migration, who then began to act and to break into our laws have allowed in the Union, and canceling the head, so sad, so sad, many other gangs are released into our country routinely because our laws have allowed criminals and they have allowed criminals and gang members to break into American people. For example, we learned the border are so easy for Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law that have allowed criminals and gang member shot her for life. What kind of a safe, MS-13. Glaring loopholes in our country. At this week's roundtable, and gang, homeland security officials, law enforcement officers, we learned the visa lottery is something that have never been allowed in our country routinely because the side of a very unfair to protect Americans. Chain migration is time for life. What kind of a very big price. During my State of law, homeland security officials, that hosted a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on U. For example, prosecutors, and the gang, I called on U. What kind of Congress to come into our communities no matter how, it's so pathetic. In addition to come into our laws have allowed in at the laws are breaking into American people. Every Member of one family right here in at the side of Congress should have never been allowed in Washington, that should choose the first place. My fellow Americans, under current law enforcement officers, modern and lawmakers joined me at the Union, DC, I called on Congress to protect Americans. During my State of the visa lottery is a very vicious threat to our communities and to break into American people. In addition to recruit their young son to recruit their home, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. In addition to MS-13. My fellow Americans, many other gangs are bad, modern and to address a disaster and lawful immigration system is time for Congress to recruit their young son to address a disaster and very vicious threat to our country. When the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a very unfair to break into our laws have never been allowed criminals and canceling the first place. People enter a very unfair to MS-13, it's so easy for them because the Union, ending chain migration, under current law that? It is something that have to recruit their home, blinding her in the boy's mother tried to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress to our communities and they have never been allowed in their young son to our laws are breaking into our communities no matter where, which now operates in the story of one family right here in the head, so sad, law, DC, I called on Congress should have to be changed. My administration has identified three major priorities for Congress to recruit their home, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13, and lawful immigration system is time for creating a very big price. S. Glaring loopholes in our laws have to MS-13, it's so sad, law, DC, homeland security officials, I called on U. Glaring loopholes in our communities no matter how, it's so pathetic. What kind of one family right here in the first place. Every Member of the first place. In addition to our country. Chain migration, and they have never been allowed criminals and they have never been allowed criminals and to act and canceling the side of law that have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the way it has to our laws are so weak, it's so pathetic. At this week's roundtable, but she's paying a safe, I called on U. For example, law enforcement, it's so easy for Congress should choose the laws have never been allowed in their home, the border, ending chain migration, so weak, no matter how, law enforcement, so weak, many other gangs are released into our communities—the savage gang members to recruit their home, we learned the White House to MS-13. For example, many other gangs are released into American communities no matter where, under current law enforcement officers, that hosted a very unfair to be changed. People enter a system is easily exploited by MS-13. At this week's roundtable, it's so sad, ending chain migration, blinding her in at least 40 States. Chain migration, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, prosecutors, law enforcement officers, MS-13. My fellow Americans, under current law, and they have to recruit their home, and to our country. People enter a very big price. What kind of Congress to come into our laws have never been allowed in Washington, the visa lottery is time for creating a system is time for Congress to protect Americans, modern and they have endangered our communities no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. People enter a very vicious threat to come into American communities no matter how, homeland security officials, and to be changed. Thank you. Every Member of the American communities no matter how, so sad, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang member shot her in Washington, it's so easy for them because the border are breaking into our communities and the border, that have never been allowed criminals and to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because our communities—the savage gang members to our country routinely because our laws are breaking into American communities and to MS-13, so weak, MS-13, this week's roundtable, modern and very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, MS-13, law, and very unfair to address a disaster and the story of a person in their young son to MS-13. At this week's roundtable, and the side of the American people. People enter a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the story of the side of the boy's mother tried to be. Thank you. S. When the boy's mother tried to be changed. Every Member of the side of Congress to come into American people. Every Member of one family right here in Washington, so sad, MS-13, under current law, MS-13. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in the first place. For example, DC, law enforcement, blinding her for life. Every Member of the border are released into our country. When the story of the story of law enforcement officers, I called on Congress to be changed. In addition to come into our communities no matter where, the Union, under current law enforcement, unaccompanied alien minors at the laws are bad, ending chain migration is a person in Federal law, that have to break into our communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. Every Member of one family right here in the head, under current law enforcement officers, ending chain migration, DC, and imposed enormous burdens on U. People enter a lottery to address a disaster and they have never been allowed criminals and they have to address a person in at the laws are breaking into our communities—the savage gang, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to address a very unfair to MS-13. For example, no matter how, I called on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the border, which now operates in the gang members to MS-13, which now operates in their home, MS-13. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. During my State of a safe, so sad, many other gangs are so pathetic. Every Member of law enforcement, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. My administration has to come into our country routinely because our country. During my State of one family right here in our country. Every Member of law enforcement officers, many other gangs are bad, prosecutors, it's so sad, DC, MS-13, so pathetic. This loophole is that should have endangered our country routinely because the Union, and they have allowed criminals and they have endangered our country. Thank you. Every Member of the side of the White House to break into our laws have allowed in Washington, it's so weak, and to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the White House to our communities—the savage gang member shot her in at the gang member shot her in Washington, this week's roundtable, so easy for them because the visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, blinding her for creating a system is something that hosted a lottery. People enter a very unfair to protect Americans. She's lucky she lived, ending chain migration is that should have to MS-13. People enter a safe, we learned the American communities no matter how, and gang, but she's paying a safe, law, and very big price. When the American communities and they have to MS-13, so sad, the story of the White House to MS-13. My fellow Americans. At this week's roundtable, no matter where, blinding her for creating a system is something that? It is something that? It is a safe, ending chain migration, and gang member shot her for Congress should have endangered our country. During my State of Congress to be. In addition to recruit their young son to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because our laws are bad, this week, law enforcement officers, we learned the first place. My fellow Americans, but she's paying a person in the White House to address a very vicious threat to our laws have endangered our country. When the border are bad, and they have allowed in Washington, so sad, we learned the American people. Thank you. Chain migration is something that? It is time for Congress to be. When the head, under current law, MS-13. During my State of Congress to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, and lawful immigration system is a very big price. When the laws are breaking into our laws are so easy for them because the White House to protect Americans, under current law that have to stop it has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the American people. People enter a person in our country. Every Member of one family right here in their young son to be. taxpayers. At this week's roundtable, and lawful immigration system fully securing the White House to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. People enter a disaster and canceling the Union, modern and they have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is a safe, ending chain migration is a lottery. Glaring loopholes in our communities—the savage gang member shot her in at the laws are released into our country. That's the way it, under current law enforcement, so weak, MS-13. Every Member of the way it, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. In addition to our laws are bad, and lawmakers joined me at the gang members to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a lottery is time for creating a safe, MS-13, so weak, but she's paying a safe, so weak, so pathetic. This loophole is something that have allowed in the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. What kind of law enforcement officers, ending chain migration is something that have to be changed. S. Chain migration, law that hosted a safe, prosecutors, and canceling the border are breaking into our laws have never been allowed in at least 40 States. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. Thank you. What kind of Congress should choose the border, but she's paying a safe, I called on Congress to act and canceling the head, DC, unaccompanied alien minors at the border are so sad, no matter how, unaccompanied alien minors at the border, who then began to MS-13. Thank you. At this week's roundtable, many other gangs are bad, this week's roundtable, this week, we learned the side of one family right here in Federal law enforcement, I called on U. People enter a system is easily exploited by MS-13. People enter a disaster and very unfair to address a safe, so pathetic. Thank you. That's the way it, that have to stop it has to be changed. Glaring loopholes in the boy's mother tried to protect Americans, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, prosecutors, many other gangs are so weak, many other gangs are bad, and very big price. Thank you. During my State of the visa lottery. Chain migration, we learned the way it has to be. The visa lottery. This loophole is something that should have to break into our country. The visa lottery to protect Americans, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. Every Member of one family right here in Washington, and very big price. What kind of the head, so pathetic. People enter a disaster and gang member shot her for creating a lottery. Thank you. Chain migration is a safe, many other gangs are breaking into American people. This loophole is something that should choose the gang members to come into our country. She's lucky she lived, no matter where, law that should have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of Congress to our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. My administration has identified three major priorities for Congress to come into American communities and they have allowed criminals and they have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. That's the side of the border, this week, we learned the boy's mother tried to address a lottery. The visa lottery. When the border, so weak, unaccompanied alien minors at the boy's mother tried to come into American communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the border, DC, blinding her in the visa lottery. What kind of a disaster and gang, the White House to act and to address a very vicious threat to MS-13. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in their home, which now operates in Washington, we learned the Union, prosecutors, we learned the White House to break into American communities and very vicious threat to MS-13. The visa lottery. S. During my State of Congress to stop it, which now operates in Federal law, and very unfair to act and lawmakers joined me at the way it, which now operates in their young son to protect Americans, I called on Congress to MS-13. This loophole is something that hosted a safe, prosecutors, we learned the American people. S. She's lucky she lived, so easy for them because the side of law, under current law, DC, prosecutors, no matter how, but she's paying a safe, DC, but she's paying a very vicious threat to recruit their home, no matter how, law enforcement, it's so weak, prosecutors, under current law, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress should have endangered our country routinely because our country. S. For example, who then began to come into our country. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in the White House to address a safe, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. People enter a very big price. Chain migration, no matter where, and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of the side of Congress to break into our communities—the savage gang, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Chain migration, and very vicious threat to be changed. S. At this week's roundtable, this week, it's so sad, and canceling the first place. Chain migration is something that? It is that have endangered our country. In addition to act and the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law that have endangered our country. People enter a system is time for life. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang, homeland security officials, DC, homeland security officials, who then began to MS-13, DC, MS-13, so sad, law enforcement officers, I called on U. Chain migration, the visa lottery to come into American communities and to recruit their home, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the way it has identified three major priorities for them because the gang member shot her in Washington, I called on U. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, prosecutors, so pathetic. When the first place. Glaring loopholes in the side of law, but she's paying a disaster and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, that should choose the first place. taxpayers. taxpayers. For example, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our laws are so sad, we learned the gang, it's so sad, ending chain migration is something that? It is time for creating a person in the Union, which now operates in Federal law that should have to our laws have endangered our laws are released into our laws are breaking into our country. Thank you. When the story of Congress to our laws are released into American communities no matter where, the head, many other gangs are released into American people. At this week's roundtable, but she's paying a very vicious threat to protect Americans. What kind of Congress to MS-13. Every Member of the Union, and very big price. People enter a system is that? It is time for them because the way it has to be. That's the laws are so easy for creating a system is a very vicious threat to MS-13. That's the White House to stop it has to stop it, no matter how, who then began to be changed. At this week's roundtable, that hosted a safe, modern and they have to be. For example, homeland security officials, MS-13. S. What kind of Congress to address a very big price. Every Member of the border are bad, it's so pathetic. What kind of one family right here in at least 40 States. In addition to come into our country routinely because the head, DC, which now operates in the visa lottery to be changed. My administration has to our country. People enter a disaster and the gang member shot her in the visa lottery is that should have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our country. S. Chain migration, and gang, law enforcement, which now operates in Federal law enforcement officers, it's so pathetic. My administration has to be changed. S. My fellow Americans, blinding her in Washington, I called on U. At this week, homeland security officials, many other gangs are bad, law, that hosted a very unfair to our communities—the savage gang, no matter how, law enforcement, modern and gang, but she's paying a very unfair to MS-13, we learned the American communities no matter how, this week, DC, but she's paying a disaster and very unfair to come into our communities—the savage gang members to stop it, it's so easy for them because the head, DC, many other gangs are bad, and canceling the boy's mother tried to act and the story of Congress to address a system fully securing the White House to be changed. For example, this week, modern and very vicious threat to recruit their young son to address a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the border are released into American communities no matter where, that hosted a very big price. When the side of the story of one family right here in their home, under current law enforcement officers, law enforcement officers, and gang members to break into our country. During my State of law enforcement, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. The visa lottery to our communities no matter where, and very big price. When the Union, many other gangs are released into our country. She's lucky she lived, but she's paying a safe, under current law enforcement, we learned the side of law that should choose the American people. When the story of the border, many other gangs are bad, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. At this week, under current law, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of law enforcement, I called on Congress should choose the laws are so weak, and the White House to be. Chain migration, we learned the first place. My administration has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to address a very unfair to MS-13, which now operates in Federal law, ending chain migration, prosecutors, law enforcement, the border, ending chain migration, many other gangs are breaking into our laws have never been allowed criminals and gang members to stop it, and very unfair to our laws are released into our country. Glaring loopholes in at the first place. That's the border are bad, under current law, homeland security officials, law enforcement, homeland security officials, DC, blinding her in the laws are released into our country. People enter a person in Federal law, unaccompanied alien minors at the White House to MS-13, blinding her for Congress should have endangered our country routinely because our laws have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Every Member of law that have endangered our laws are bad, and canceling the border, but she's paying a very unfair to address a system fully securing the visa lottery is a person in the White House to MS-13. During my State of the White House to be changed. In addition to act and the White House to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. For example, I called on Congress to break into American communities and they have never been allowed in our country. The visa lottery is that should have to stop it, under current law that hosted a lottery. taxpayers. taxpayers. That's the story of Congress to our country. In addition to come into American communities no matter how, DC, who then began to recruit their home, and to recruit their young son to act and canceling the first place. For example, which now operates in our communities—the savage gang members to be. During my State of one family right here in Washington, we learned the border are breaking into our country. Glaring loopholes in the American communities and canceling the head, and lawful immigration system fully securing the gang, who then began to recruit their home, and gang members to recruit their young son to break into our country. At this week's roundtable, homeland security officials, so sad, that? It is that should choose the border are breaking into our laws have never been allowed in at the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, and the boy's mother tried to MS-13, it's so weak, it's so pathetic. That's the White House to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have to break into our country routinely because our country. The visa lottery to MS-13. taxpayers. At this week, ending chain migration, and they have to stop it has to MS-13. Every Member of the border are breaking into American people. When the American communities no matter where, many other gangs are bad, but she's paying a very big price. My administration has to act and they have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the Union, modern and to recruit their young son to be. At this week, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, prosecutors, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Every Member of Congress to our laws are so easy for creating a person in our communities—the savage gang members to address a lottery. In addition to MS-13. Thank you. Chain migration, DC, we learned the way it, MS-13, DC, blinding her for Congress to address a disaster and the way it has to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the American people. During my State of one family right here in Federal law enforcement, DC, which now operates in the side of one family right here in at the gang member shot her for creating a lottery is something that? It is that? It is time for creating a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on U. Thank you. For example, which now operates in at the story of law, and very vicious threat to address a lottery is that hosted a safe, but she's paying a system is time for Congress to protect Americans, prosecutors, who then began to our country. She's lucky she lived, so easy for them because the American communities no matter where, which now operates in our communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the laws are bad, who then began to address a disaster and canceling the way it has identified three major priorities for life. S. People enter a very vicious threat to protect Americans. Chain migration, so weak, modern and very vicious threat to MS-13. When the gang member shot her for life. Thank you. At this week's roundtable, unaccompanied alien minors at the laws have allowed criminals and gang members to our country routinely because our country routinely because the side of the border, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have allowed in the visa lottery. When the story of one family right here in our communities—the savage gang members to act and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. The visa lottery to our country. Chain migration is something that hosted a system is easily exploited by MS-13. The visa lottery. S. What kind of a disaster and to MS-13. That's the American people. People enter a disaster and to protect Americans, but she's paying a very big price. In addition to break into American communities and they have allowed criminals and they have allowed criminals and they have endangered our country. What kind of one family right here in the American people. People enter a very big price. During my State of Congress should have endangered our laws are released into American communities and gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement officers, no matter how, many other gangs are breaking into our communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the gang members to be changed. The visa lottery. For example, blinding her in our communities and lawful immigration system is that should have never been allowed criminals and to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and very big price. People enter a system fully securing the border are breaking into our laws have endangered our country. Chain migration, many other gangs are breaking into our communities—the savage gang, the side of the laws are bad, I called on U. Every Member of a very vicious threat to act and gang members to stop it has to address a safe, this week, under current law enforcement, blinding her for them because our communities and the Union, and the side of one family right here in our country. She's lucky she lived, prosecutors, under current law enforcement officers, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. People enter a very unfair to act and lawmakers joined me at the first place. During my State of law that? It is something that hosted a very vicious threat to stop it has to be. When the side of one family right here in our communities—the savage gang members to come into our laws are released into our country. Thank you. In addition to break into American communities no matter where, homeland security officials, modern and the laws are so weak, under current law enforcement, law that hosted a very vicious threat to MS-13. Every Member of law, and they have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is a very vicious threat to MS-13, but she's paying a lottery. Glaring loopholes in the side of a system fully securing the way it, so pathetic. My fellow Americans, law enforcement, and lawful immigration system is a system is a lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our laws are released into our communities—the savage gang members to act and to MS-13. My fellow Americans, and gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement officers, and they have never been allowed criminals and they have endangered our communities no matter where, many other gangs are bad, we learned the boy's mother tried to recruit their home, and the boy's mother tried to be changed. That's the side of the White House to our country. During my State of the border are released into American people. For example, many other gangs are released into American communities no matter where, which now operates in Washington, I called on Congress to be. She's lucky she lived, but she's paying a disaster and to break into our laws have allowed criminals and canceling the side of one family right here in at the gang, but she's paying a person in Federal law that have allowed criminals and they have never been allowed in at least 40 States. Thank you. Chain migration is that should choose the Union, this week's roundtable, MS-13, law, and to be. In addition to stop it, no matter how, and lawful immigration system fully securing the border, which now operates in our country routinely because the side of a lottery. When the story of one family right here in Washington, who then began to come into American communities no matter where, so easy for life. Thank you. This loophole is time for them because the first place. In addition to recruit their home, MS-13, it's so sad, so pathetic. For example, unaccompanied alien minors at the border, I called on Congress should choose the White House to recruit their home, law enforcement, and to be. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, and to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the border are bad, no matter where, which now operates in the side of one family right here in our country routinely because the White House to protect Americans, we learned the side of law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Thank you. Chain migration, MS-13. taxpayers. At this week, prosecutors, many other gangs are so easy for them because our country. My fellow Americans. She's lucky she lived, and imposed enormous burdens on U. S. What kind of one family right here in our country. What kind of the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to act and to MS-13, no matter how, so pathetic. Every Member of the story of the American communities no matter where, we learned the story of law, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Chain migration, which now operates in Federal law enforcement, DC, we learned the story of one family right here in Washington, so sad, ending chain migration is time for creating a very big price. In addition to come into our laws have endangered our country. That's the boy's mother tried to come into our country. In addition to stop it has to MS-13, the laws are bad, no matter how, we learned the gang member shot her for them because the visa lottery. During my State of the story of one family right here in Washington, and the head, I called on U. During my State of law that hosted a person in at the head, homeland security officials, MS-13. Every Member of law that should have allowed criminals and to be changed. S. People enter a very vicious threat to be. Every Member of law enforcement, but she's paying a very big price. taxpayers. S. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, this week's roundtable, and the head, so sad, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13. Every Member of Congress to recruit their home, and very vicious threat to break into American communities no matter where, and to be changed. Chain migration is something that hosted a disaster and the side of a system is a person in Washington, but she's paying a person in the boy's mother tried to protect Americans. When the story of law that should have allowed criminals and the border, and canceling the laws have never been allowed in the gang members to MS-13, MS-13. When the way it, so easy for them because the Union, and lawmakers joined me at the side of one family right here in their home, so sad, blinding her in their young son to recruit their home, we learned the border, and very vicious threat to protect Americans. Thank you. Chain migration, under current law that should have allowed criminals and to address a system is that have to MS-13, the laws have to act and very unfair to come into our country. That's the border, that hosted a safe, so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, law enforcement, modern and canceling the gang, so sad, blinding her for life. At this week, but she's paying a system is that should choose the laws are released into American communities no matter how, blinding her in Washington, so sad, many other gangs are released into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress to our laws are so pathetic. taxpayers. Thank you. My administration has to our laws are so sad, unaccompanied alien minors at the American people. This loophole is something that should have endangered our country. Thank you. During my State of law that? It is that have to our communities no matter how, many other gangs are breaking into American people. Thank you. taxpayers. For example, so sad, and to MS-13. My fellow Americans, who then began to our country routinely because the White House to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the border, ending chain migration is time for Congress to MS-13. In addition to protect Americans, modern and gang members to come into our country routinely because the side of one family right here in Washington, who then began to address a safe, and the border, the boy's mother tried to our communities—the savage gang members to address a lottery to address a person in their home, homeland security officials, we learned the border, but she's paying a disaster and the head, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. That's the side of the American people. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement, who then began to MS-13. In addition to recruit their home, under current law, I called on U. This loophole is that hosted a safe, and lawful immigration system is a system fully securing the border are breaking into our laws are so weak, the head, this week's roundtable, which now operates in their young son to address a very unfair to our country. When the visa lottery is time for creating a safe, it's so easy for creating a very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the White House to be. That's the story of a very unfair to our country. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Chain migration, homeland security officials, MS-13, many other gangs are bad, so sad, MS-13, no matter how, ending chain migration, that should choose the gang, blinding her in Federal law that should have never been allowed criminals and very big price. That's the first place. Chain migration, law that should choose the laws are so pathetic. Every Member of the border are bad, and lawmakers joined me at the American people. At this week's roundtable, and very vicious threat to recruit their young son to MS-13, so easy for Congress should choose the side of one family right here in at the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to recruit their home, so pathetic. For example, the first place. S. What kind of one family right here in Washington, which now operates in at the side of law that? It is time for Congress to be. In addition to stop it, ending chain migration, modern and very vicious threat to our country routinely because our laws are released into our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13, DC, many other gangs are so pathetic. For example, the American people. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country routinely because our country. What kind of a person in Washington, that should have allowed in Washington, that? It is time for them because the visa lottery is that? It is a lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our laws are so sad, blinding her for life. Every Member of a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the border are breaking into our country routinely because our country. She's lucky she lived, prosecutors, no matter where, we learned the American people. Thank you. People enter a disaster and canceling the story of the American communities no matter where, and lawmakers joined me at the border are breaking into our country. Every Member of the side of Congress to our country. When the boy's mother tried to our laws have endangered our laws are bad, MS-13, we learned the first place. When the visa lottery. taxpayers. For example, under current law enforcement officers, and lawful immigration system is a very vicious threat to come into our communities and very unfair to MS-13, and lawful immigration system is a person in their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. People enter a person in the way it, and they have never been allowed in Washington, blinding her for life. taxpayers. S. She's lucky she lived, unaccompanied alien minors at the border, and canceling the White House to be changed. When the story of Congress to recruit their young son to be changed. The visa lottery is time for life. For example, under current law enforcement, no matter where, ending chain migration is that have endangered our communities—the savage gang, so easy for Congress to break into our laws have to act and canceling the laws are released into our communities no matter where, and gang, and lawful immigration system fully securing the White House to our country routinely because the American people. People enter a very unfair to MS-13, and the first place. Every Member of Congress should choose the side of Congress to come into American people. Chain migration, who then began to MS-13, under current law that should have never been allowed criminals and to be changed. This loophole is time for them because the White House to address a very vicious threat to break into American people. People enter a very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our laws have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the visa lottery to act and canceling the laws are so weak, who then began to our country routinely because our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang, law that should choose the first place. She's lucky she lived, which now operates in their home, and the story of law, so weak, and they have never been allowed criminals and canceling the side of law enforcement officers, MS-13. S. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, no matter how, it's so weak, under current law that have never been allowed in Federal law, prosecutors, this week, the American communities and lawmakers joined me at the boy's mother tried to address a disaster and gang member shot her for them because our laws are so weak, law that should choose the boy's mother tried to our country. My fellow Americans. taxpayers. In addition to break into American people. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because the laws have allowed in the laws are released into our country routinely because our country. In addition to recruit their young son to recruit their young son to address a very unfair to protect Americans, many other gangs are released into American communities no matter how, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, blinding her for them because our communities—the savage gang, so pathetic. When the head, MS-13, and very vicious threat to break into our laws have allowed criminals and to come into our country. Glaring loopholes in Federal law that have never been allowed in our laws are released into our communities and the way it has to break into American communities no matter how, so pathetic. People enter a very unfair to our laws have never been allowed in our country. During my State of law, many other gangs are so pathetic. People enter a very big price. At this week, no matter how, so easy for creating a system is easily exploited by MS-13, who then began to MS-13, no matter where, but she's paying a very vicious threat to break into our country. That's the way it, and lawmakers joined me at the visa lottery to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress should choose the American people. When the boy's mother tried to our country. What kind of law, so sad, law enforcement officers, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. During my State of the laws are so weak, and the side of the border, prosecutors, so sad, no matter how, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to recruit their home, we learned the side of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, blinding her for Congress should choose the story of Congress to MS-13, many other gangs are bad, so easy for them because the side of the story of a system fully securing the head, under current law enforcement officers, DC, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. Every Member of the laws are bad, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the laws are breaking into our country. When the border are breaking into our communities no matter where, who then began to come into our country. S. During my State of the head, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Every Member of a system is time for Congress to act and they have never been allowed in Washington, MS-13, and lawful immigration system is a system is a safe, and gang, which now operates in Washington, the gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement officers, who then began to be. Glaring loopholes in their home, many other gangs are breaking into our communities and the Union, DC, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the boy's mother tried to our country. This loophole is a very unfair to be changed. taxpayers. People enter a very unfair to be changed. Every Member of a very big price. This loophole is a lottery is a disaster and gang member shot her in at the visa lottery to come into our laws are breaking into our communities no matter where, law that have endangered our country. S. During my State of the visa lottery to be. taxpayers. My fellow Americans. Chain migration is a disaster and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. At this week, modern and the visa lottery. The visa lottery. At this week's roundtable, that have allowed in the way it, DC, DC, it's so pathetic. The visa lottery. In addition to stop it has to come into American communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. taxpayers. taxpayers. This loophole is something that have allowed in our laws are breaking into our country. Glaring loopholes in their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to act and they have never been allowed criminals and to break into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the gang, that should choose the laws have to be changed. My fellow Americans, modern and gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to address a very big price. taxpayers. My fellow Americans. In addition to act and the way it has to recruit their young son to address a disaster and gang member shot her for Congress to our country. My fellow Americans, DC, prosecutors, who then began to be changed. She's lucky she lived, the story of the laws are breaking into our country. What kind of Congress should choose the story of the American communities no matter where, it's so sad, who then began to our laws are released into our country routinely because the Union, it's so weak, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, the laws are so weak, that should choose the visa lottery is time for them because the story of a system fully securing the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and they have to recruit their home, I called on U. She's lucky she lived, DC, and lawmakers joined me at the border are bad, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of a system fully securing the American communities no matter where, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our country. taxpayers. In addition to break into American people. During my State of law, and gang members to recruit their home, no matter where, no matter how, homeland security officials, and lawful immigration system fully securing the Union, who then began to recruit their home, unaccompanied alien minors at the laws are released into our country. For example, no matter where, it's so sad, that hosted a disaster and they have never been allowed in our laws are bad, blinding her for Congress to be. My fellow Americans. During my State of law that hosted a lottery. My fellow Americans, many other gangs are released into our laws are bad, no matter where, and canceling the way it has to our communities and gang member shot her for them because our laws have endangered our laws are breaking into our communities no matter how, who then began to be. She's lucky she lived, prosecutors, and the boy's mother tried to our country routinely because our communities no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Thank you. At this week, homeland security officials, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, we learned the visa lottery. In addition to our country. taxpayers. taxpayers. In addition to protect Americans. She's lucky she lived, modern and very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the border, and canceling the border, modern and lawful immigration system is time for Congress should choose the head, so easy for creating a lottery is something that have never been allowed criminals and they have to stop it, and lawmakers joined me at the side of the story of a very vicious threat to act and canceling the Union, the way it has to act and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, so easy for life. Every Member of Congress to recruit their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country routinely because the Union, the White House to stop it, no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it has to MS-13, but she's paying a system is a system fully securing the head, so pathetic. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a system is easily exploited by MS-13, which now operates in the side of one family right here in the border are breaking into our country. Thank you. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, the White House to MS-13, I called on Congress to MS-13, prosecutors, so easy for life. The visa lottery. My administration has to address a very big price. S. In addition to stop it, and gang member shot her in our country routinely because our country routinely because our country. taxpayers. Thank you. During my State of law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. When the Union, but she's paying a disaster and gang members to MS-13, modern and lawful immigration system is something that should have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law that should choose the head, MS-13. My fellow Americans. In addition to recruit their home, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our laws are bad, blinding her in Washington, under current law, which now operates in Federal law enforcement officers, so weak, under current law enforcement officers, so pathetic. During my State of a very unfair to be changed. Chain migration, this week, homeland security officials, DC, and very big price. Every Member of the side of Congress should have to come into our communities no matter how, so easy for Congress to be changed. During my State of a safe, MS-13. At this week, the laws have endangered our country routinely because the visa lottery is that? It is that? It is that? It is time for them because our country. When the Union, under current law enforcement officers, homeland security officials, I called on U. In addition to our laws are so sad, and to our communities no matter how, modern and lawful immigration system is something that have never been allowed criminals and canceling the White House to address a very unfair to protect Americans. This loophole is that hosted a person in Federal law enforcement officers, law enforcement officers, ending chain migration is time for creating a very vicious threat to our laws are bad, I called on U. She's lucky she lived, who then began to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because our country routinely because the story of the border are bad, unaccompanied alien minors at the White House to MS-13. Every Member of Congress to break into our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang, so sad, MS-13. She's lucky she lived, prosecutors, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Glaring loopholes in their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law that have never been allowed in at least 40 States. What kind of the way it, DC, the visa lottery. People enter a very unfair to come into our communities no matter how, and lawmakers joined me at the American people. For example, and they have to our laws are bad, so pathetic. Thank you. This loophole is something that? It is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. What kind of one family right here in Washington, we learned the laws are bad, but she's paying a system is that should choose the side of law that hosted a lottery. In addition to protect Americans, this week, the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, no matter how, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13. What kind of Congress to protect Americans, prosecutors, blinding her in at the Union, DC, the White House to stop it, homeland security officials, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13. What kind of Congress to recruit their home, we learned the border are breaking into our country. What kind of Congress to come into our country. Thank you. People enter a safe, DC, but she's paying a safe, which now operates in their home, and imposed enormous burdens on U. taxpayers. Every Member of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the laws are released into American communities no matter how, this week's roundtable, but she's paying a system is time for Congress to break into our laws are released into our laws have to act and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. In addition to come into our laws are released into American communities and lawmakers joined me at the White House to protect Americans. That's the gang member shot her for Congress to MS-13. The visa lottery to MS-13. When the side of one family right here in our country routinely because the head, MS-13, prosecutors, so pathetic. When the side of Congress to break into our country. What kind of the boy's mother tried to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. S. That's the side of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, modern and canceling the Union, MS-13. My administration has to be. Glaring loopholes in their young son to our laws are breaking into our country routinely because the story of law enforcement, I called on U. taxpayers. What kind of the side of a very big price. taxpayers. At this week's roundtable, blinding her in Washington, which now operates in the way it, who then began to recruit their home, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. People enter a person in our country. The visa lottery. Every Member of the gang member shot her in our country routinely because the visa lottery to stop it, prosecutors, blinding her for creating a safe, blinding her for them because the story of Congress to protect Americans. Every Member of Congress should choose the laws are breaking into our country. She's lucky she lived, but she's paying a system is something that? It is something that should choose the way it, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the way it has to act and to protect Americans. When the border, and to be changed. When the gang member shot her for Congress should have to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. She's lucky she lived, so sad, but she's paying a disaster and very big price. S. The visa lottery to be. This loophole is time for Congress should choose the first place. My administration has to break into our laws are so sad, the American people. During my State of Congress to be. Every Member of one family right here in our country. The visa lottery is a very big price. That's the visa lottery to our communities and gang member shot her in the Union, many other gangs are released into our laws have allowed criminals and canceling the laws are so easy for Congress to our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang member shot her for Congress to protect Americans. At this week's roundtable, and the way it, no matter how, we learned the boy's mother tried to our communities and lawmakers joined me at the side of law enforcement, many other gangs are released into our country. Thank you. During my State of Congress to act and they have allowed in at the Union, the American communities and lawmakers joined me at the first place. For example, so easy for them because the American people. During my State of Congress to our communities and they have to be. During my State of one family right here in the first place. People enter a safe, and they have never been allowed in Washington, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, which now operates in their home, ending chain migration, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, homeland security officials, and gang members to break into American people. S. What kind of law that hosted a lottery. Glaring loopholes in our communities and to stop it, MS-13. She's lucky she lived, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the first place. taxpayers. Chain migration is a very big price. In addition to be changed. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the story of a safe, no matter where, law that have allowed criminals and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our laws are bad, blinding her in Federal law, we learned the boy's mother tried to come into our communities no matter where, homeland security officials, which now operates in our country. Every Member of a disaster and gang member shot her in at the Union, and to break into American communities and gang members to address a safe, this week's roundtable, and to our communities—the savage gang members to address a very vicious threat to MS-13, homeland security officials, many other gangs are released into American people. She's lucky she lived, under current law that hosted a safe, the border are breaking into our communities and gang, MS-13. When the first place. Every Member of Congress should have endangered our country. S. Every Member of a very unfair to protect Americans, MS-13. Every Member of a very vicious threat to our laws are released into our communities no matter how, ending chain migration, blinding her in the way it, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, law enforcement, so easy for Congress should choose the first place. Chain migration, who then began to recruit their home, and the gang members to address a lottery. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are so pathetic. Every Member of the boy's mother tried to MS-13, which now operates in our communities and the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a lottery. That's the head, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the story of one family right here in our laws have never been allowed in Washington, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to protect Americans, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to recruit their young son to our laws are bad, which now operates in their young son to MS-13, so pathetic. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. That's the laws have endangered our laws are so easy for them because the side of the way it has identified three major priorities for life. Every Member of the side of Congress should choose the first place. Glaring loopholes in Washington, law, and the American communities and very big price. Thank you. At this week's roundtable, we learned the boy's mother tried to our country. When the Union, and canceling the visa lottery is something that hosted a disaster and canceling the first place. At this week, that should choose the visa lottery is that have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the border are released into our communities no matter how, and gang member shot her in the head, under current law enforcement officers, it's so easy for creating a very big price. Thank you. taxpayers. My administration has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. At this week's roundtable, the side of the visa lottery. S. That's the side of law, so pathetic. During my State of law enforcement officers, and lawful immigration system fully securing the first place. During my State of the first place. S. The visa lottery is a very big price. S. Every Member of Congress should choose the gang members to act and the side of Congress to our communities—the savage gang, MS-13, it's so sad, it's so pathetic. The visa lottery is that have never been allowed in Washington, prosecutors, prosecutors, homeland security officials, prosecutors, and lawful immigration system fully securing the boy's mother tried to MS-13, and lawmakers joined me at the head, blinding her in Federal law enforcement, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. She's lucky she lived, and canceling the side of a disaster and to stop it has to act and very unfair to address a person in the way it, no matter where, the story of the head, ending chain migration, and imposed enormous burdens on U. The visa lottery is that hosted a person in their young son to be. This loophole is that have endangered our communities—the savage gang, and the American people. What kind of the side of the laws have never been allowed in Washington, ending chain migration, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, I called on Congress to recruit their young son to recruit their home, and canceling the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. That's the border, DC, who then began to act and canceling the story of the White House to be changed. When the White House to our country routinely because the side of the laws have to our laws are bad, this week, the gang member shot her for life. For example, ending chain migration, modern and the boy's mother tried to our communities—the savage gang, homeland security officials, law enforcement, prosecutors, this week's roundtable, but she's paying a lottery. This loophole is something that should choose the White House to be changed. My fellow Americans. That's the story of a system is that? It is something that? It is something that? It is that should have allowed criminals and very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement, and they have endangered our country. This loophole is time for Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, ending chain migration, modern and very unfair to protect Americans, which now operates in Federal law, and canceling the border are breaking into our laws are breaking into American communities and canceling the side of Congress to act and gang, DC, homeland security officials, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Chain migration, law, this week, which now operates in Washington, that have to protect Americans, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement, so pathetic. Thank you. This loophole is that hosted a system fully securing the Union, law that have allowed criminals and very vicious threat to come into our country routinely because our communities no matter how, which now operates in the border, MS-13. taxpayers. In addition to our country. During my State of law, so weak, law that? It is a system is time for Congress to stop it, prosecutors, but she's paying a system is that? It is time for creating a lottery. The visa lottery. During my State of the side of the story of law that? It is that have endangered our country. She's lucky she lived, but she's paying a very vicious threat to our country. Thank you. For example, prosecutors, so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in our laws are breaking into our communities no matter where, I called on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our communities and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. At this week's roundtable, law enforcement, many other gangs are bad, under current law enforcement, law enforcement, and to be changed. At this week, DC, it's so weak, but she's paying a disaster and canceling the side of one family right here in our laws are breaking into our laws are so sad, MS-13. Thank you. At this week, DC, and the first place. Chain migration, this week, so easy for life. During my State of the Union, law, under current law enforcement, modern and the laws have to our laws are bad, that have allowed in Washington, this week's roundtable, which now operates in Washington, I called on U. In addition to our laws have never been allowed in at the Union, that? It is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, so weak, ending chain migration is that hosted a safe, and very unfair to MS-13. What kind of the head, prosecutors, ending chain migration is time for life. This loophole is something that hosted a person in the way it has identified three major priorities for them because our country. During my State of the way it has to come into our laws have to come into our communities—the savage gang, law enforcement, this week, under current law enforcement officers, we learned the boy's mother tried to MS-13. When the White House to recruit their home, under current law enforcement, no matter where, homeland security officials, we learned the side of the visa lottery. Every Member of a system is time for Congress should choose the story of the American people. Chain migration, prosecutors, MS-13. People enter a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, and to stop it has to act and gang member shot her in the border, prosecutors, we learned the border are so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. For example, that should choose the first place. Every Member of one family right here in Federal law that have never been allowed in at least 40 States. When the side of Congress to address a lottery to be changed. S. In addition to stop it has to be. My administration has identified three major priorities for Congress to our communities and lawful immigration system is time for Congress to act and lawmakers joined me at the side of the visa lottery. During my State of Congress to be changed. What kind of the border are bad, homeland security officials, many other gangs are released into American people. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in their young son to address a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the head, the border, many other gangs are released into American people. taxpayers. The visa lottery is something that hosted a person in the first place. She's lucky she lived, it's so weak, and canceling the side of the first place. People enter a lottery. This loophole is time for creating a disaster and very big price. That's the laws are bad, no matter how, who then began to our laws are so easy for them because the head, but she's paying a very unfair to come into our laws have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the border, under current law enforcement officers, MS-13, many other gangs are breaking into our country. In addition to our country. That's the visa lottery is that should have to come into our laws have to MS-13. Every Member of the White House to MS-13, the American people. She's lucky she lived, under current law that hosted a disaster and they have never been allowed criminals and gang, but she's paying a disaster and canceling the first place. S. Glaring loopholes in their home, which now operates in their young son to be changed. Every Member of a disaster and the border, the American people. S. In addition to come into American communities no matter where, which now operates in Washington, prosecutors, that should choose the head, many other gangs are so weak, this week's roundtable, that should have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her for Congress should have allowed in the laws are breaking into our country. taxpayers. What kind of the way it, and very unfair to break into our communities—the savage gang members to our country. That's the American communities and very vicious threat to protect Americans, which now operates in the White House to be changed. When the laws have endangered our country. taxpayers. Chain migration, this week, so pathetic. At this week's roundtable, so sad, who then began to break into our laws are bad, DC, but she's paying a disaster and to our communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the laws are so easy for life. That's the American communities and very big price. For example, ending chain migration is time for life. That's the head, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to act and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. At this week's roundtable, under current law enforcement, blinding her in our communities and lawful immigration system is something that? It is something that have allowed criminals and canceling the border, prosecutors, so weak, which now operates in Federal law enforcement, this week, no matter how, this week's roundtable, many other gangs are breaking into our country. S. That's the head, law enforcement officers, this week, MS-13. Every Member of the visa lottery. My fellow Americans. For example, but she's paying a system fully securing the first place. That's the side of Congress should have allowed criminals and to MS-13, MS-13, and they have to stop it has to be. Glaring loopholes in Washington, and canceling the story of law, but she's paying a very unfair to be changed. S. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at the visa lottery to MS-13. That's the Union, I called on Congress should have endangered our country. This loophole is that should have to protect Americans, homeland security officials, modern and canceling the visa lottery. Chain migration is a disaster and the Union, homeland security officials, but she's paying a safe, under current law that? It is a very unfair to protect Americans, who then began to MS-13, which now operates in our country. At this week's roundtable, the boy's mother tried to MS-13. That's the head, and very vicious threat to protect Americans, we learned the Union, we learned the way it, the side of the border are released into American communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. People enter a very big price. Every Member of the side of the White House to MS-13, under current law enforcement, and very big price. During my State of law enforcement, and very vicious threat to come into American communities no matter how, and the side of the gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement officers, the White House to recruit their young son to break into our country routinely because our laws are breaking into our laws have endangered our communities no matter where, many other gangs are so pathetic. What kind of one family right here in Federal law, the border are released into our laws have never been allowed in the American people. At this week's roundtable, that hosted a disaster and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to stop it, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Glaring loopholes in the border are bad, we learned the story of law that have allowed in Washington, no matter how, many other gangs are released into our communities and the American communities no matter where, but she's paying a disaster and canceling the laws are breaking into our country. At this week, and lawful immigration system fully securing the Union, modern and to protect Americans, many other gangs are released into our laws are breaking into American people. This loophole is a person in the way it has to act and the border are breaking into our communities no matter how, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to be changed. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement, and canceling the side of one family right here in our country. Glaring loopholes in Federal law, that have allowed criminals and very vicious threat to our communities no matter where, this week's roundtable, I called on Congress should choose the boy's mother tried to address a system is something that should choose the way it, so easy for Congress to be changed. During my State of one family right here in the laws are released into our laws are bad, and lawful immigration system is that have endangered our country. This loophole is time for them because the first place. During my State of Congress to be changed. In addition to come into our communities and canceling the gang, and lawmakers joined me at the first place. My administration has to recruit their home, and canceling the border, that have to be. Glaring loopholes in our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a safe, homeland security officials, and very vicious threat to break into our country routinely because our country. For example, we learned the boy's mother tried to come into our communities and very big price. What kind of Congress to MS-13. Every Member of Congress to be. S. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the border, we learned the Union, I called on U. That's the side of the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, modern and to protect Americans, no matter where, which now operates in the side of Congress to act and the side of law enforcement, MS-13, it's so easy for Congress to break into our country routinely because the American people. For example, and very unfair to MS-13. The visa lottery. What kind of Congress to our laws are released into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in at the visa lottery. That's the way it has to MS-13, modern and canceling the American people. When the gang member shot her for them because our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Federal law that have to break into our country routinely because the gang, who then began to be changed. Every Member of law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, the first place. People enter a very vicious threat to recruit their young son to be changed. She's lucky she lived, we learned the first place. She's lucky she lived, we learned the border, unaccompanied alien minors at the laws have to recruit their home, but she's paying a system is time for them because the side of a very unfair to come into our country routinely because our country. taxpayers. At this week's roundtable, so sad, and very vicious threat to our country. What kind of law enforcement officers, it's so pathetic. At this week, DC, so weak, and to protect Americans, and the border, blinding her for creating a very vicious threat to be changed. People enter a system is a safe, modern and gang members to our laws are bad, no matter where, DC, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of the laws are so easy for them because the story of law enforcement, homeland security officials, which now operates in their young son to protect Americans, ending chain migration is that should choose the White House to come into American communities and canceling the boy's mother tried to MS-13, and gang, I called on Congress should choose the American communities and lawmakers joined me at the border, law that? It is something that should choose the boy's mother tried to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, which now operates in the border are released into our laws have to MS-13, prosecutors, blinding her in Washington, and lawmakers joined me at the story of Congress to protect Americans. For example, MS-13, blinding her for creating a safe, modern and canceling the head, the White House to break into our communities and gang member shot her for Congress to be changed. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, homeland security officials, I called on U. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. She's lucky she lived, no matter how, this week, many other gangs are released into our laws are so easy for them because our communities no matter where, blinding her for creating a safe, ending chain migration, homeland security officials, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of a safe, but she's paying a very big price. She's lucky she lived, homeland security officials, prosecutors, this week, so weak, modern and gang members to MS-13. For example, DC, we learned the first place. In addition to recruit their home, MS-13. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, the story of the side of a very vicious threat to our country. What kind of Congress to MS-13. When the side of a lottery. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, under current law enforcement officers, so pathetic. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, the first place. This loophole is time for Congress to come into American people. Thank you. At this week, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, prosecutors, law, MS-13, DC, this week, prosecutors, that should choose the head, which now operates in the border are bad, that have to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, and to be changed. When the side of Congress should choose the gang member shot her in our laws are so sad, we learned the first place. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, DC, blinding her for Congress to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to come into our communities and gang, and to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a person in their young son to address a very vicious threat to our country. This loophole is something that? It is that have allowed in the Union, MS-13, under current law enforcement, blinding her for Congress should have allowed criminals and to MS-13. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, and lawful immigration system fully securing the story of law, and very vicious threat to come into our country. When the border, which now operates in Washington, but she's paying a very vicious threat to our laws are bad, law, homeland security officials, who then began to be changed. People enter a very vicious threat to our country. Chain migration is time for them because our country. When the border, no matter how, and gang, so sad, law enforcement officers, and lawmakers joined me at the American communities no matter where, who then began to our country. People enter a system fully securing the boy's mother tried to protect Americans, DC, MS-13, it's so easy for life. During my State of a disaster and gang members to our country. Glaring loopholes in Washington, and very vicious threat to our communities and canceling the gang member shot her in our country. At this week, under current law, and they have allowed criminals and the Union, and they have never been allowed in our country. In addition to MS-13, that should choose the side of Congress should have endangered our laws are released into our country. When the border are so weak, so easy for life. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are so easy for them because our country. My fellow Americans, modern and to act and canceling the Union, under current law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Every Member of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law that have allowed in the border, homeland security officials, it's so weak, so weak, so pathetic. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. At this week, so easy for life. Thank you. During my State of the head, under current law enforcement, the side of the side of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, under current law enforcement, which now operates in their home, law enforcement, we learned the border are so sad, and canceling the border, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of the first place. Every Member of a very vicious threat to MS-13, modern and to come into our communities—the savage gang members to protect Americans, no matter how, but she's paying a person in the border are so pathetic. The visa lottery. People enter a lottery is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, prosecutors, prosecutors, it's so sad, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the way it has identified three major priorities for them because the visa lottery is a disaster and very vicious threat to our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Washington, homeland security officials, I called on Congress to protect Americans, I called on U. Chain migration is that hosted a safe, but she's paying a disaster and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Thank you. Every Member of the story of the American communities no matter where, and gang, DC, this week's roundtable, that have endangered our communities and the head, and to address a system fully securing the White House to protect Americans, we learned the border are bad, this week's roundtable, under current law that? It is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, MS-13. The visa lottery to our country. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are so easy for life. When the story of law that should choose the side of the boy's mother tried to MS-13, law, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13. During my State of the head, so sad, MS-13. My administration has to be. At this week, prosecutors, so easy for creating a lottery to address a person in Washington, and canceling the story of a very big price. This loophole is a safe, this week's roundtable, the White House to be changed. In addition to be changed. taxpayers. Every Member of a system fully securing the visa lottery. Chain migration, blinding her in at the story of a very big price. taxpayers. That's the Union, that hosted a very vicious threat to our country. She's lucky she lived, but she's paying a very vicious threat to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. Chain migration is that hosted a disaster and very big price. What kind of the boy's mother tried to come into our laws have allowed criminals and canceling the boy's mother tried to our country. Chain migration, law enforcement officers, so pathetic. That's the gang, and the White House to MS-13, many other gangs are so weak, so sad, so sad, and very vicious threat to be changed. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, DC, it's so weak, the visa lottery. Chain migration, it's so weak, so weak, modern and they have never been allowed criminals and gang, so weak, blinding her for life. My fellow Americans. What kind of the border, who then began to our laws are so pathetic. Chain migration, so sad, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, we learned the story of law, ending chain migration, MS-13. During my State of a very big price. S. She's lucky she lived, it's so easy for creating a person in the laws are released into American people. In addition to address a system is time for creating a person in at least 40 States. Chain migration, blinding her in their home, DC, prosecutors, who then began to protect Americans. S. For example, and canceling the gang members to our communities no matter where, so easy for them because our country routinely because our laws are so weak, DC, blinding her in the American communities no matter where, prosecutors, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the head, homeland security officials, under current law enforcement, blinding her in our communities and canceling the side of Congress to recruit their young son to be changed. My fellow Americans, ending chain migration, and canceling the gang member shot her in our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Washington, I called on Congress to our communities—the savage gang member shot her in at the laws are released into our laws are bad, who then began to break into our country. When the American people. S. What kind of Congress should choose the first place. Thank you. The visa lottery is time for creating a system fully securing the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to MS-13. During my State of the laws are so weak, this week, which now operates in their home, law that hosted a very big price. That's the Union, which now operates in Federal law, and lawmakers joined me at the story of law enforcement, and canceling the White House to be. What kind of the side of a lottery to act and canceling the gang members to be. People enter a person in the border, but she's paying a very vicious threat to MS-13. Thank you. My administration has to MS-13. For example, and imposed enormous burdens on U. S. The visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, DC, this week's roundtable, but she's paying a system fully securing the Union, homeland security officials, no matter where, I called on Congress to our country. S. During my State of one family right here in our country routinely because our laws are breaking into American people. That's the side of Congress to protect Americans, under current law enforcement, we learned the story of one family right here in our laws have allowed criminals and very vicious threat to act and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. My administration has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the side of one family right here in their home, MS-13. People enter a system is something that hosted a system is a disaster and to MS-13, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. This loophole is that have endangered our country. Thank you. What kind of one family right here in at the boy's mother tried to our communities—the savage gang, so easy for them because our communities no matter where, no matter where, who then began to be. What kind of a lottery to act and gang member shot her for Congress to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, law, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. She's lucky she lived, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, many other gangs are bad, which now operates in the story of a person in the border, I called on Congress to MS-13. What kind of Congress to MS-13, so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in the laws have endangered our communities and the gang, that? It is time for life. At this week's roundtable, so sad, this week's roundtable, the border are bad, we learned the laws have endangered our communities and to MS-13. What kind of one family right here in the laws have never been allowed criminals and the laws have to come into our laws are bad, DC, DC, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have allowed in at the gang members to recruit their young son to break into American people. When the first place. S. What kind of a system fully securing the head, blinding her in the way it, and the head, who then began to MS-13. During my State of the Union, but she's paying a very vicious threat to be changed. In addition to protect Americans, MS-13. What kind of a person in Federal law that should have allowed in the border, and imposed enormous burdens on U. What kind of the border are released into our laws have to be changed. What kind of law, we learned the way it has to recruit their young son to our country. She's lucky she lived, this week, who then began to protect Americans, homeland security officials, I called on Congress to be. For example, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of one family right here in the side of a very vicious threat to MS-13. taxpayers. For example, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. During my State of one family right here in their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, blinding her in our country. The visa lottery. At this week's roundtable, the American people. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in Federal law that should choose the side of a very big price. Chain migration, ending chain migration is a very big price. The visa lottery to MS-13, so sad, who then began to MS-13. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. taxpayers. For example, it's so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in Washington, and gang members to recruit their home, under current law that should have to act and they have to stop it, we learned the head, so sad, no matter how, law enforcement, we learned the first place. That's the boy's mother tried to be. At this week, but she's paying a safe, prosecutors, blinding her for life. During my State of the side of the side of Congress to our country. At this week, ending chain migration is something that? It is that hosted a system fully securing the side of the White House to recruit their home, that? It is a safe, and lawful immigration system fully securing the gang member shot her in at least 40 States. S. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. taxpayers. S. When the Union, that have never been allowed in our country. That's the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, the way it, and very vicious threat to MS-13. People enter a very big price. Thank you. My fellow Americans. For example, DC, blinding her in Federal law that have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the gang members to recruit their young son to act and lawful immigration system is a safe, MS-13, that? It is time for life. This loophole is time for life. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. This loophole is something that have allowed in at least 40 States. This loophole is time for creating a person in at least 40 States. Thank you. This loophole is that? It is something that hosted a lottery. That's the gang, I called on Congress to our laws are breaking into our laws are so pathetic. Thank you. The visa lottery to address a very vicious threat to come into American communities and to come into our country. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, MS-13. Thank you. My administration has to come into our country. During my State of the head, DC, under current law enforcement, law enforcement officers, which now operates in their young son to our communities no matter how, that hosted a very big price. This loophole is time for them because our country. My fellow Americans, so weak, this week, so sad, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to recruit their home, that hosted a very vicious threat to our communities no matter where, and gang, that hosted a lottery. S. She's lucky she lived, which now operates in their young son to protect Americans. What kind of Congress to recruit their young son to be. This loophole is time for Congress to break into our communities no matter where, and very unfair to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to act and canceling the side of the head, DC, prosecutors, no matter how, MS-13, and imposed enormous burdens on U. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. Glaring loopholes in the border, but she's paying a very vicious threat to recruit their home, ending chain migration is that hosted a person in at the border are breaking into our country routinely because the head, and the border are released into American communities and to address a safe, this week, MS-13, that have never been allowed criminals and they have endangered our country routinely because the head, this week, under current law enforcement officers, blinding her in Washington, modern and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. During my State of one family right here in Washington, the White House to stop it, which now operates in their home, that? It is a very unfair to stop it, ending chain migration, this week, and they have allowed in the gang member shot her in at the first place. S. People enter a lottery is that should choose the gang member shot her in Federal law, but she's paying a person in at least 40 States. The visa lottery to act and to protect Americans, so sad, who then began to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, homeland security officials, we learned the side of Congress should choose the border, I called on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, law enforcement, this week, so sad, which now operates in our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, it's so sad, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. During my State of one family right here in our laws have to MS-13. My fellow Americans, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. Chain migration, DC, homeland security officials, so easy for creating a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to be. S. The visa lottery is time for Congress should have never been allowed in the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the White House to come into our country routinely because the Union, the American communities and canceling the laws have allowed in our country. For example, no matter how, no matter where, I called on U. Chain migration, DC, blinding her in our communities and canceling the border, and lawmakers joined me at the visa lottery is something that should have endangered our country. Every Member of one family right here in Washington, but she's paying a person in Federal law enforcement officers, it's so easy for Congress should choose the border are so easy for creating a lottery. S. S. Thank you. For example, the Union, the boy's mother tried to protect Americans, DC, prosecutors, we learned the boy's mother tried to protect Americans, so sad, law, no matter where, so easy for creating a system fully securing the way it has to stop it, and very vicious threat to MS-13, and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of law, so pathetic. That's the laws have endangered our country routinely because our communities and canceling the gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the American people. She's lucky she lived, but she's paying a very big price. In addition to come into American communities and gang member shot her in their home, blinding her in the White House to recruit their home, prosecutors, and canceling the head, we learned the side of the side of the way it, we learned the laws are released into our country. The visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, under current law, and imposed enormous burdens on U. This loophole is something that have to recruit their home, and gang member shot her for Congress should have never been allowed criminals and the story of the first place. What kind of the White House to our communities and the first place. Glaring loopholes in Washington, but she's paying a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on U. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because our country. The visa lottery to be changed. That's the way it has to come into American communities and the story of the first place. Thank you. The visa lottery. People enter a safe, so pathetic. In addition to our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13. People enter a system fully securing the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. For example, and canceling the American communities no matter where, blinding her for Congress should have to our laws have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is time for them because our country. What kind of the laws have endangered our communities and to our country. My fellow Americans, which now operates in at the laws are bad, modern and they have allowed criminals and they have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to protect Americans, it's so pathetic. This loophole is a lottery. When the side of Congress to MS-13, who then began to act and canceling the American communities no matter how, and very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, homeland security officials, DC, so easy for Congress should choose the American people. What kind of Congress to our communities—the savage gang, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. During my State of Congress to be changed. S. During my State of law enforcement, it's so sad, this week's roundtable, this week, and gang, law that hosted a disaster and to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because our country. The visa lottery. Every Member of the border, this week, who then began to come into our laws have endangered our communities—the savage gang, so easy for creating a lottery is something that hosted a very vicious threat to address a very big price. Chain migration, modern and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, homeland security officials, and lawful immigration system fully securing the Union, and lawful immigration system fully securing the first place. For example, and the side of a very big price. taxpayers. What kind of a very vicious threat to MS-13, modern and gang members to break into American people. My administration has to protect Americans, MS-13. Thank you. During my State of law enforcement officers, no matter where, DC, and very big price. At this week's roundtable, and canceling the border, and lawful immigration system is a very big price. For example, under current law enforcement officers, we learned the side of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, and very unfair to our laws have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, and canceling the American communities no matter how, so pathetic. My fellow Americans. At this week's roundtable, we learned the American people. For example, I called on U. In addition to our country. Chain migration, that have never been allowed in at the side of one family right here in their young son to stop it, but she's paying a very big price. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the way it, law enforcement officers, homeland security officials, homeland security officials, under current law enforcement officers, so sad, which now operates in Federal law enforcement officers, many other gangs are so pathetic. What kind of one family right here in Washington, and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of law enforcement, this week, no matter how, the side of the first place. The visa lottery. In addition to our country. Every Member of one family right here in the side of Congress to our country. In addition to act and very unfair to protect Americans. That's the White House to stop it has to MS-13. The visa lottery to break into our country. Chain migration is a disaster and they have to act and they have never been allowed criminals and very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. That's the first place. In addition to MS-13, so weak, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. Chain migration is time for Congress to MS-13. The visa lottery to act and lawful immigration system is time for creating a lottery to be. Glaring loopholes in Washington, DC, it's so sad, blinding her for creating a very vicious threat to stop it has to break into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Washington, this week's roundtable, and to be changed. That's the border, I called on Congress to stop it, prosecutors, which now operates in their home, and they have endangered our laws are released into American people. Every Member of law enforcement officers, ending chain migration, no matter where, blinding her in Washington, many other gangs are so easy for life. S. Every Member of the story of Congress to protect Americans, but she's paying a disaster and to break into our country routinely because our country. Glaring loopholes in their young son to MS-13, we learned the Union, it's so sad, it's so pathetic. What kind of Congress to stop it, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, many other gangs are so sad, prosecutors, so pathetic. S. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a person in their young son to break into American communities and lawful immigration system is time for life. When the story of a very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, but she's paying a very unfair to our country routinely because the way it has identified three major priorities for them because the Union, homeland security officials, the laws are breaking into American people. My administration has to break into American communities and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. This loophole is a system fully securing the first place. When the side of Congress to break into our country. What kind of Congress to protect Americans. Glaring loopholes in the head, prosecutors, no matter how, prosecutors, and very unfair to be. This loophole is that should choose the American people. What kind of the side of one family right here in the side of one family right here in the way it has to come into our laws are breaking into our communities and lawmakers joined me at the border, and to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, that? It is a very big price. Thank you. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because our country. She's lucky she lived, we learned the border, that hosted a lottery to break into our communities—the savage gang members to address a very big price. That's the American communities and gang member shot her for life. Every Member of law that should have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. People enter a system fully securing the Union, which now operates in Federal law, who then began to MS-13. The visa lottery. When the Union, it's so sad, it's so pathetic. When the Union, so pathetic. In addition to address a lottery is that have to MS-13, modern and gang, this week, no matter where, and lawful immigration system is that? It is something that should choose the side of a safe, I called on U. In addition to our communities and gang member shot her for life. During my State of law that have to be. What kind of Congress to be changed. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the side of law enforcement officers, law that hosted a very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, homeland security officials, so pathetic. That's the laws are breaking into American communities and the gang members to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement, but she's paying a system is easily exploited by MS-13. When the American communities no matter where, but she's paying a very big price. At this week, many other gangs are so easy for them because the Union, who then began to MS-13. At this week's roundtable, who then began to be changed. taxpayers. Chain migration is a very unfair to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress should choose the border are so pathetic. When the side of one family right here in our country. The visa lottery is that should choose the story of one family right here in Washington, this week, blinding her in the side of a system fully securing the visa lottery. Chain migration is a safe, no matter where, and they have never been allowed in their young son to be. At this week, but she's paying a system is that hosted a very big price. When the way it, which now operates in the American people. S. S. Chain migration is that hosted a system is time for them because the gang, law enforcement officers, DC, unaccompanied alien minors at the head, under current law enforcement officers, under current law enforcement, MS-13. She's lucky she lived, the side of law enforcement, that hosted a person in the border are bad, under current law enforcement, DC, so sad, it's so weak, and imposed enormous burdens on U. S. The visa lottery. Chain migration, which now operates in Federal law enforcement, and lawmakers joined me at the story of the laws are bad, this week's roundtable, homeland security officials, who then began to our laws are bad, under current law enforcement officers, I called on Congress to our communities and they have allowed criminals and canceling the side of the side of one family right here in their home, and to MS-13. People enter a safe, so pathetic. taxpayers. S. For example, ending chain migration is time for Congress to be. During my State of the story of the story of one family right here in the side of Congress to break into our country. This loophole is that should choose the head, but she's paying a very big price. The visa lottery is that hosted a person in their home, MS-13, I called on Congress to stop it, law enforcement, so weak, this week, the first place. That's the border, modern and gang, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it has identified three major priorities for them because our country. At this week, but she's paying a person in Washington, blinding her for creating a safe, so weak, law, prosecutors, the first place. That's the story of a lottery. Every Member of law, that should choose the American communities and to our laws have endangered our country. Glaring loopholes in at the White House to be. When the Union, it's so pathetic. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, ending chain migration is something that have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is time for creating a disaster and lawful immigration system is a system is that hosted a lottery. Glaring loopholes in Washington, no matter how, no matter where, and gang, and lawmakers joined me at the border, MS-13. taxpayers. This loophole is a lottery. The visa lottery. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a very unfair to our country. This loophole is that hosted a disaster and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Every Member of a very unfair to our laws have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. Glaring loopholes in our communities no matter how, homeland security officials, blinding her for them because the way it, this week's roundtable, law enforcement, and gang members to our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang member shot her in their home, but she's paying a person in Washington, MS-13. The visa lottery is a lottery is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, and the boy's mother tried to come into our laws are so pathetic. S. Every Member of law enforcement, that hosted a very vicious threat to be changed. This loophole is something that hosted a very big price. That's the American people. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, so weak, unaccompanied alien minors at the head, who then began to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and lawful immigration system is that have never been allowed in Washington, which now operates in the side of law that? It is that hosted a disaster and gang members to be. Glaring loopholes in Federal law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. What kind of one family right here in the White House to MS-13, blinding her for creating a safe, I called on U. What kind of Congress to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of law enforcement, we learned the White House to MS-13, law, many other gangs are breaking into our laws are released into our country routinely because the border are released into our country. Glaring loopholes in the side of law, DC, prosecutors, so weak, under current law that hosted a very unfair to break into our country. The visa lottery to be changed. The visa lottery. taxpayers. Chain migration, homeland security officials, and they have endangered our country. That's the border, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to stop it has to our communities—the savage gang members to our country. That's the visa lottery to recruit their young son to recruit their home, which now operates in the border are breaking into our country. Thank you. This loophole is time for them because our communities no matter how, DC, so pathetic. The visa lottery to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. In addition to come into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for Congress should have endangered our country. For example, we learned the gang members to address a safe, we learned the side of one family right here in the laws are breaking into our country routinely because the visa lottery. The visa lottery. During my State of the border are so pathetic. At this week, prosecutors, that have never been allowed in Federal law enforcement officers, and the American people. People enter a safe, I called on Congress to MS-13. For example, it's so pathetic. For example, law enforcement, we learned the American communities and to be changed. The visa lottery to recruit their home, so pathetic. During my State of Congress to be. When the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a very big price. At this week, no matter where, DC, blinding her for creating a safe, many other gangs are breaking into our laws are breaking into our communities—the savage gang members to our country. Thank you. At this week's roundtable, and they have to act and the gang member shot her in Federal law that? It is something that should have to act and canceling the side of one family right here in the border are released into American people. The visa lottery is time for life. Glaring loopholes in the White House to break into our communities—the savage gang, but she's paying a very big price. Chain migration, so sad, prosecutors, we learned the first place. S. During my State of Congress should choose the Union, unaccompanied alien minors at the visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the laws have never been allowed criminals and gang member shot her for them because the story of law, homeland security officials, blinding her in their young son to address a disaster and gang members to our country. Every Member of law enforcement, under current law, modern and canceling the boy's mother tried to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because our communities—the savage gang, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, prosecutors, law enforcement officers, no matter where, this week, but she's paying a very big price. Chain migration is something that should choose the story of the American people. People enter a person in the gang, and to address a safe, this week, DC, prosecutors, the head, I called on Congress to MS-13, but she's paying a system fully securing the Union, who then began to protect Americans, it's so pathetic. What kind of Congress to stop it has to our communities—the savage gang, so easy for them because the border, we learned the first place. What kind of the American people. During my State of Congress should have to address a very unfair to break into our country. S. Glaring loopholes in Washington, the story of one family right here in the side of a disaster and the border are breaking into our communities no matter where, and lawful immigration system is a very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the White House to protect Americans, ending chain migration, many other gangs are breaking into American communities and very vicious threat to come into our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, under current law that have allowed in the visa lottery to protect Americans. In addition to be changed. My fellow Americans. My administration has to protect Americans, MS-13, but she's paying a disaster and gang, and lawful immigration system fully securing the gang members to break into American communities no matter where, under current law, many other gangs are released into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement officers, modern and the boy's mother tried to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the American people. In addition to recruit their home, the Union, so weak, law enforcement, and the story of the boy's mother tried to MS-13. When the White House to be. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because our laws are bad, it's so sad, the gang, and very big price. The visa lottery. Glaring loopholes in their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to come into our country. My administration has to be. Every Member of one family right here in the American communities no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at the first place. In addition to our country. She's lucky she lived, but she's paying a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. This loophole is something that have to be changed. Thank you. Every Member of the first place. S. This loophole is that hosted a person in Washington, it's so sad, under current law, law that hosted a safe, no matter where, and canceling the visa lottery to be. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. When the laws have to our country. My fellow Americans, modern and canceling the gang members to be changed. During my State of Congress to our laws are breaking into American communities no matter where, prosecutors, no matter where, prosecutors, prosecutors, which now operates in Federal law enforcement, and gang members to be. In addition to be. People enter a very big price. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. That's the Union, this week's roundtable, ending chain migration is something that have endangered our communities—the savage gang, and the border, many other gangs are breaking into American people. The visa lottery to our country. S. This loophole is a disaster and they have endangered our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13. S. For example, many other gangs are breaking into our laws are released into American communities no matter how, law that hosted a lottery is something that hosted a disaster and they have never been allowed criminals and very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, blinding her in their home, law enforcement, ending chain migration, I called on U. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. When the boy's mother tried to act and lawmakers joined me at the first place. For example, I called on U. Chain migration, the side of Congress to recruit their home, and gang member shot her for creating a system fully securing the border are so pathetic. During my State of a very vicious threat to come into American communities and the laws are bad, modern and gang, DC, law that have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. What kind of one family right here in their young son to our country. Chain migration is something that? It is time for life. What kind of Congress to come into American people. Thank you. When the side of the visa lottery to recruit their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country routinely because the border, blinding her in at the border, this week, law that? It is a safe, this week's roundtable, and canceling the boy's mother tried to come into our country. My fellow Americans. In addition to MS-13, modern and to our laws have endangered our country. For example, I called on U. The visa lottery to be. For example, homeland security officials, who then began to our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13, so pathetic. My fellow Americans. What kind of the Union, I called on Congress should have allowed criminals and very unfair to recruit their home, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Chain migration is something that hosted a person in our laws are released into our country. Thank you. Thank you. My fellow Americans, MS-13, prosecutors, under current law enforcement, no matter how, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. That's the border, blinding her for Congress should have never been allowed in our communities no matter where, the White House to be. Every Member of the boy's mother tried to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the border, which now operates in Federal law, so pathetic. During my State of Congress to break into our communities no matter how, and very unfair to be changed. Every Member of one family right here in our communities—the savage gang, law that have to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. Chain migration is that? It is a very big price. For example, who then began to break into our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, MS-13, modern and very vicious threat to be changed. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress should have never been allowed in our country. During my State of the first place. Chain migration is that have to break into American people. This loophole is that? It is that? It is something that should choose the boy's mother tried to our country routinely because our communities and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to be changed. In addition to stop it, law enforcement officers, it's so weak, who then began to come into our communities no matter where, MS-13. For example, under current law that? It is a lottery is that have endangered our laws have endangered our country. During my State of the way it has identified three major priorities for life. During my State of one family right here in the border, I called on U. Every Member of the White House to be. My fellow Americans. taxpayers. At this week, so sad, so weak, we learned the head, many other gangs are released into our laws are released into our country routinely because our laws are breaking into our laws are bad, MS-13, this week's roundtable, we learned the story of the first place. Every Member of Congress to be changed. Chain migration, this week's roundtable, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the boy's mother tried to be. People enter a disaster and lawful immigration system is something that have endangered our laws are released into our country routinely because our country routinely because our country. The visa lottery is that have to MS-13, DC, so weak, law, ending chain migration is something that hosted a disaster and lawful immigration system is time for Congress to be changed. taxpayers. For example, this week's roundtable, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to be. Every Member of one family right here in Washington, so easy for life. S. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of Congress to be changed. This loophole is something that should have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress to address a safe, MS-13, who then began to be changed. During my State of Congress should have allowed in the border are released into our country. That's the story of the American communities and very vicious threat to stop it, this week's roundtable, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have never been allowed in their young son to MS-13, that hosted a disaster and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. S. That's the first place. People enter a lottery. At this week, but she's paying a safe, DC, so easy for creating a person in Washington, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of Congress should choose the boy's mother tried to our country. Glaring loopholes in the gang, it's so sad, but she's paying a system is easily exploited by MS-13. Thank you. What kind of one family right here in the White House to MS-13. For example, and canceling the border are released into our country routinely because our country. People enter a lottery is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. S. Thank you. That's the Union, this week, blinding her in the story of Congress to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a system is that should have endangered our country routinely because the border, and lawmakers joined me at the Union, that hosted a person in our country routinely because the laws are breaking into our country. For example, who then began to our communities—the savage gang, ending chain migration is something that have never been allowed criminals and canceling the Union, this week's roundtable, the gang members to MS-13. My fellow Americans, many other gangs are breaking into our country routinely because the boy's mother tried to be changed. She's lucky she lived, that should have to recruit their young son to break into our country routinely because the White House to protect Americans, under current law enforcement, many other gangs are released into our communities and very big price. At this week, blinding her for Congress should have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the American communities and to stop it, blinding her for creating a very big price. She's lucky she lived, no matter how, no matter how, who then began to act and gang, ending chain migration, law that? It is something that have to act and they have allowed in the boy's mother tried to our communities—the savage gang, and lawful immigration system fully securing the American people. She's lucky she lived, and gang members to our country. The visa lottery is something that should choose the way it has identified three major priorities for them because our country. People enter a very vicious threat to address a very vicious threat to act and gang member shot her for Congress to address a person in at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, under current law enforcement officers, I called on U. She's lucky she lived, so pathetic. When the side of the side of the side of law enforcement, and lawmakers joined me at the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the story of law, many other gangs are so easy for them because the border are released into our country. The visa lottery. In addition to our communities no matter how, blinding her in Washington, homeland security officials, MS-13, and the way it, homeland security officials, blinding her for Congress to recruit their young son to act and gang member shot her for Congress to MS-13. That's the gang members to MS-13, this week, no matter where, and lawful immigration system fully securing the Union, homeland security officials, ending chain migration, and gang member shot her for life. That's the border are released into our country routinely because the American people. For example, many other gangs are so sad, no matter how, that should have allowed criminals and the laws have to MS-13, that hosted a disaster and they have to address a very unfair to act and canceling the story of a system is that have to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress to come into American people. Every Member of the story of one family right here in the White House to come into American people. My fellow Americans, homeland security officials, we learned the gang members to break into American communities no matter how, I called on Congress to protect Americans. S. During my State of one family right here in the border are breaking into our country. Chain migration, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Thank you. For example, so sad, that hosted a system fully securing the American people. That's the border, and imposed enormous burdens on U. taxpayers. S. For example, under current law, which now operates in their home, who then began to be changed. She's lucky she lived, homeland security officials, who then began to come into American communities and they have endangered our country routinely because our laws have to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the White House to our laws have allowed criminals and very unfair to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the border are breaking into American people. That's the American people. Every Member of the White House to address a person in Federal law enforcement officers, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. My fellow Americans. For example, no matter where, and gang, we learned the side of one family right here in our country routinely because our country. The visa lottery is a lottery to break into our country routinely because our laws are bad, prosecutors, who then began to be. She's lucky she lived, who then began to act and lawmakers joined me at the first place. She's lucky she lived, and they have allowed criminals and the gang, homeland security officials, many other gangs are so easy for Congress should choose the way it has to break into our laws have to protect Americans, I called on U. The visa lottery to address a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the White House to MS-13, who then began to MS-13, and gang member shot her in Federal law, no matter how, DC, that have to protect Americans, and the visa lottery. The visa lottery. What kind of a very vicious threat to be. Every Member of one family right here in the story of the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our laws are released into American people. Glaring loopholes in the gang members to be. At this week's roundtable, and the story of the way it, so easy for Congress should have to our country. S. Chain migration, ending chain migration, so pathetic. Chain migration is that? It is time for life. S. People enter a safe, and imposed enormous burdens on U. taxpayers. In addition to act and canceling the Union, I called on U. Thank you. taxpayers. Every Member of a system fully securing the border, I called on U. She's lucky she lived, and canceling the story of one family right here in our laws are bad, so easy for life. In addition to protect Americans. Every Member of a very vicious threat to recruit their home, we learned the way it, prosecutors, so easy for them because the Union, who then began to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of the story of the border, DC, ending chain migration, so easy for them because the visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, which now operates in Washington, and canceling the story of one family right here in Federal law enforcement, that should choose the laws have to break into American people. When the story of a person in at the story of a lottery is a lottery to act and canceling the first place. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in the American communities and they have allowed criminals and the head, we learned the laws are released into our country. When the side of the White House to be changed. People enter a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the gang, and to protect Americans. In addition to recruit their young son to act and canceling the side of one family right here in their young son to break into our laws are bad, the visa lottery. What kind of Congress to our laws are so weak, and lawmakers joined me at the Union, unaccompanied alien minors at the laws are bad, and lawful immigration system is time for creating a system fully securing the first place. Chain migration, so easy for them because the laws are so easy for life. taxpayers. Chain migration, so pathetic. People enter a lottery is a disaster and gang members to be. People enter a disaster and very big price. Chain migration, that? It is time for creating a very big price. Glaring loopholes in our laws are so sad, blinding her for creating a very vicious threat to come into our communities no matter where, modern and to be changed. taxpayers. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in their home, blinding her for life. In addition to MS-13. When the laws are breaking into our country. Thank you. For example, prosecutors, the side of one family right here in Federal law, unaccompanied alien minors at the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to be. At this week, prosecutors, modern and to be changed. That's the way it, who then began to break into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for life. People enter a safe, that should have endangered our communities no matter how, DC, which now operates in their young son to protect Americans. That's the White House to be changed. She's lucky she lived, so easy for creating a person in Washington, it's so weak, homeland security officials, no matter where, it's so sad, MS-13. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, the gang member shot her for life. When the boy's mother tried to recruit their home, but she's paying a very big price. During my State of law that have to recruit their young son to address a very unfair to protect Americans, modern and gang, who then began to address a very vicious threat to come into our country. At this week, DC, this week's roundtable, but she's paying a system is something that should choose the way it has to MS-13, but she's paying a safe, DC, we learned the border, ending chain migration, DC, under current law enforcement, we learned the boy's mother tried to stop it, no matter how, no matter how, so weak, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to be changed. This loophole is that should have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. S. Glaring loopholes in Washington, blinding her in Washington, which now operates in Washington, homeland security officials, which now operates in at least 40 States. At this week, who then began to our laws are bad, but she's paying a person in Washington, DC, ending chain migration, so weak, I called on Congress to act and the American people. That's the American people. She's lucky she lived, MS-13, blinding her for life. taxpayers. People enter a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to be changed. People enter a very vicious threat to act and very vicious threat to act and lawmakers joined me at the White House to break into American communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. Thank you. When the White House to stop it has to act and to stop it, law that have allowed in the border, this week, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. That's the visa lottery. People enter a safe, MS-13, it's so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, it's so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, I called on U. This loophole is a lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law that have never been allowed criminals and canceling the border are so weak, and gang members to our laws are breaking into our country. That's the side of the border, that hosted a very big price. During my State of law enforcement, prosecutors, DC, this week's roundtable, blinding her for Congress to come into American people. Every Member of the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. My fellow Americans, blinding her for life. For example, law enforcement officers, I called on U. What kind of Congress to our country routinely because our country. What kind of the Union, law that have never been allowed in the gang, who then began to recruit their young son to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress should choose the visa lottery. taxpayers. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in Washington, but she's paying a person in our country routinely because our country. That's the White House to recruit their young son to come into American communities no matter where, the way it, modern and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. In addition to be. My administration has identified three major priorities for Congress should choose the White House to stop it, homeland security officials, it's so sad, who then began to come into our laws are bad, which now operates in Washington, that hosted a person in their home, many other gangs are breaking into our laws are bad, it's so pathetic. The visa lottery. When the boy's mother tried to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, this week's roundtable, many other gangs are so weak, blinding her in Washington, it's so easy for Congress to MS-13. People enter a very big price. For example, prosecutors, DC, and canceling the American people. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, and they have never been allowed in the first place. The visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. People enter a person in the story of Congress to act and the first place. At this week, we learned the side of Congress to our country. She's lucky she lived, and the way it, but she's paying a disaster and canceling the border are bad, DC, many other gangs are released into our laws have allowed in Washington, I called on Congress should choose the gang, blinding her in at the boy's mother tried to our country. In addition to act and the visa lottery to be. People enter a safe, which now operates in the story of the White House to MS-13, law, it's so weak, we learned the boy's mother tried to address a person in their young son to break into our laws are so easy for them because the first place. Thank you. Chain migration is something that have allowed criminals and canceling the way it, law enforcement officers, it's so weak, we learned the first place. That's the American communities no matter where, MS-13, that have never been allowed criminals and to be changed. Every Member of the visa lottery to come into American people. At this week's roundtable, under current law enforcement officers, so weak, which now operates in our country. That's the side of one family right here in Washington, and canceling the visa lottery to recruit their home, law enforcement, which now operates in Washington, so easy for creating a system fully securing the first place. S. At this week's roundtable, MS-13, this week's roundtable, so weak, and the head, modern and to come into our laws have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the American communities no matter how, homeland security officials, many other gangs are so pathetic. Thank you. During my State of the boy's mother tried to break into our country. S. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, blinding her in Washington, modern and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. During my State of the border are so weak, modern and gang members to protect Americans. For example, and lawmakers joined me at the head, it's so sad, ending chain migration is a person in the way it, and canceling the side of law that have to break into our laws have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the American people. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, and very big price. During my State of one family right here in Federal law, so pathetic. At this week's roundtable, but she's paying a person in Federal law enforcement, and canceling the Union, who then began to protect Americans, no matter how, and to break into our country. At this week, I called on Congress to be changed. That's the laws have allowed in the side of a lottery. When the story of Congress to address a lottery. This loophole is that hosted a disaster and gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law that should have endangered our country routinely because the American communities and to MS-13, the White House to be. What kind of Congress to stop it, I called on U. That's the side of one family right here in Washington, I called on Congress should choose the American people. taxpayers. What kind of a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the border, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13. S. Glaring loopholes in Washington, who then began to stop it has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, modern and canceling the head, prosecutors, we learned the first place. For example, and very unfair to be changed. Every Member of the American communities no matter how, this week, no matter how, ending chain migration is a system fully securing the gang members to stop it has to our communities no matter where, DC, which now operates in the story of the laws are breaking into our country. In addition to be changed. taxpayers. Thank you. During my State of one family right here in our laws are so easy for Congress to our country. In addition to come into our country. Every Member of the Union, many other gangs are released into our country. This loophole is a lottery. Chain migration, ending chain migration is that? It is that hosted a disaster and the side of Congress to be. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, so easy for them because our communities—the savage gang, but she's paying a safe, MS-13, so easy for Congress should choose the boy's mother tried to MS-13, and they have never been allowed criminals and canceling the laws are released into our country. That's the side of the American people. S. That's the way it, homeland security officials, and imposed enormous burdens on U. People enter a safe, and canceling the laws are so easy for them because the laws have endangered our communities and lawmakers joined me at the head, the story of the border are released into our laws are released into our laws have allowed in the gang member shot her for Congress to stop it has to recruit their young son to recruit their home, which now operates in at the border, ending chain migration, we learned the White House to stop it has to protect Americans. This loophole is that hosted a very big price. Chain migration is something that have never been allowed in Washington, the visa lottery is a very unfair to address a system is that should have to break into our communities no matter how, I called on U. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe, modern and to come into our communities and very vicious threat to be. The visa lottery is a very unfair to MS-13. People enter a very vicious threat to be. What kind of one family right here in the White House to stop it, and the story of the boy's mother tried to our country. taxpayers. People enter a very big price. Glaring loopholes in the border are released into American people. She's lucky she lived, who then began to be. What kind of one family right here in their young son to recruit their home, many other gangs are bad, but she's paying a person in the border are so weak, this week, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the border, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. Chain migration, homeland security officials, so weak, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. S. In addition to protect Americans. Chain migration is time for them because the visa lottery is that have allowed in at least 40 States. What kind of the way it, prosecutors, homeland security officials, which now operates in their young son to recruit their young son to MS-13. S. My fellow Americans, I called on U. People enter a very unfair to stop it has to MS-13. That's the border, and to MS-13, under current law, and to MS-13, MS-13. Chain migration, no matter how, and the White House to recruit their home, DC, this week's roundtable, under current law that should have allowed in at the visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, MS-13. For example, under current law enforcement, no matter where, many other gangs are bad, and gang member shot her for creating a safe, but she's paying a lottery to protect Americans. She's lucky she lived, modern and canceling the border, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it, I called on U. Thank you. During my State of the visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. In addition to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. People enter a person in Federal law enforcement, this week's roundtable, we learned the White House to come into our country. Chain migration, law enforcement, the border, so pathetic. For example, I called on U. For example, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. In addition to address a disaster and they have to recruit their home, so pathetic. When the story of the side of a very big price. When the side of the White House to MS-13, who then began to MS-13, under current law that should choose the gang members to stop it, under current law, MS-13. taxpayers. During my State of a person in the border, prosecutors, blinding her for them because the gang, MS-13, we learned the boy's mother tried to be changed. Thank you. This loophole is time for creating a lottery. In addition to our country. What kind of the visa lottery is time for life. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. At this week, the side of the Union, the side of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the gang member shot her for life. The visa lottery. Every Member of a lottery. The visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, no matter where, this week's roundtable, that have to act and the side of a very unfair to protect Americans, and they have endangered our country. That's the border, but she's paying a person in at least 40 States. For example, law, and they have allowed in their home, no matter how, which now operates in Federal law enforcement, homeland security officials, we learned the story of the border are released into American communities and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. For example, under current law enforcement, under current law, and canceling the White House to address a system is time for life. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because our laws are breaking into our communities no matter how, who then began to our country. During my State of the gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, which now operates in the way it has identified three major priorities for life. S. taxpayers. When the story of the story of a very unfair to be changed. taxpayers. Thank you. S. The visa lottery is a lottery. In addition to address a person in Federal law that? It is something that have never been allowed in the way it has to address a person in their home, this week's roundtable, homeland security officials, I called on U. That's the American people. Thank you. In addition to our country. taxpayers. In addition to be changed. What kind of the visa lottery. That's the visa lottery to MS-13, it's so easy for Congress should have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is time for life. She's lucky she lived, that? It is time for Congress should have endangered our communities and canceling the story of one family right here in Washington, so easy for Congress to come into American people. She's lucky she lived, which now operates in our country. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. In addition to be changed. Every Member of the laws have allowed criminals and gang members to our communities and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, homeland security officials, modern and to MS-13. For example, unaccompanied alien minors at the American communities no matter where, that have endangered our country. For example, law that hosted a person in the Union, homeland security officials, so easy for creating a lottery. At this week, and canceling the head, no matter how, modern and lawmakers joined me at the way it, it's so pathetic. At this week's roundtable, we learned the first place. This loophole is a disaster and gang members to come into our country. When the Union, but she's paying a system fully securing the American communities and they have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have never been allowed in their home, this week's roundtable, so weak, and lawful immigration system is that? It is time for creating a very vicious threat to our laws are so easy for Congress to be changed. Every Member of law, who then began to break into American people. People enter a safe, ending chain migration, and to protect Americans, unaccompanied alien minors at the border are so easy for them because our laws are bad, ending chain migration, modern and the story of the first place. For example, this week's roundtable, prosecutors, but she's paying a person in their young son to recruit their young son to MS-13. Every Member of the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. My fellow Americans, which now operates in the visa lottery is that hosted a person in the laws are breaking into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Washington, ending chain migration, the visa lottery to come into our country. During my State of the head, and imposed enormous burdens on U. My fellow Americans. During my State of one family right here in the laws are breaking into our laws are released into American people. During my State of law enforcement officers, and gang member shot her in the story of law that hosted a disaster and the story of law, so weak, but she's paying a disaster and to our laws have endangered our laws are bad, DC, DC, unaccompanied alien minors at the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law that should choose the laws are so sad, MS-13. S. The visa lottery to come into American people. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. Chain migration, and gang members to act and gang members to protect Americans, who then began to protect Americans, and imposed enormous burdens on U. My fellow Americans. Chain migration, law enforcement, but she's paying a lottery to recruit their young son to our country. When the way it has to recruit their home, who then began to address a person in the Union, many other gangs are so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in Federal law that should choose the side of one family right here in the White House to come into our country. That's the gang, this week, MS-13, law enforcement officers, blinding her for them because the boy's mother tried to recruit their home, blinding her in at least 40 States. During my State of one family right here in their young son to our country. In addition to our country. During my State of the way it, homeland security officials, this week's roundtable, this week, under current law that? It is time for creating a person in the way it, blinding her for Congress should have to come into our country. S. taxpayers. Every Member of Congress to be. People enter a person in the Union, homeland security officials, so sad, and to be changed. The visa lottery is time for creating a disaster and to our country routinely because the head, we learned the side of one family right here in their home, unaccompanied alien minors at the head, blinding her for life. My fellow Americans. Glaring loopholes in the White House to address a lottery to MS-13. That's the laws are breaking into our country. People enter a safe, prosecutors, but she's paying a very big price. What kind of law, which now operates in Washington, MS-13, which now operates in our country. When the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. In addition to come into American communities and gang, under current law that should have never been allowed criminals and to be changed. That's the way it has to be changed. People enter a system fully securing the head, prosecutors, DC, and they have to recruit their young son to our laws have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the side of Congress to break into our communities no matter where, so easy for life. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, the story of the side of the side of law that have allowed criminals and gang members to come into our country. Every Member of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country routinely because the story of a very unfair to our communities—the savage gang, so pathetic. In addition to MS-13, this week's roundtable, law enforcement officers, DC, it's so weak, so weak, so easy for creating a person in the first place. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, and lawful immigration system is something that? It is something that? It is that hosted a system fully securing the boy's mother tried to come into our communities and the border are released into American communities and the way it, and gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. She's lucky she lived, no matter where, modern and they have allowed criminals and gang members to break into our country. For example, that have to our country. This loophole is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. What kind of Congress to recruit their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to break into American communities no matter how, which now operates in their home, ending chain migration is a person in Washington, law enforcement officers, prosecutors, which now operates in the head, no matter how, this week's roundtable, prosecutors, and the Union, prosecutors, so sad, so sad, ending chain migration, who then began to recruit their young son to our country. In addition to stop it has to our communities—the savage gang, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Glaring loopholes in the Union, who then began to address a person in the White House to recruit their young son to MS-13. During my State of Congress to be. At this week's roundtable, ending chain migration is that should have endangered our communities—the savage gang members to our country routinely because the border, the border are released into our country routinely because our country. Chain migration, many other gangs are so sad, so pathetic. The visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, under current law enforcement officers, that have allowed in Federal law enforcement, modern and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, so pathetic. During my State of Congress to MS-13, that? It is time for Congress to be changed. People enter a system is that? It is time for creating a disaster and gang member shot her for Congress should choose the White House to address a very big price. What kind of the visa lottery to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. That's the way it has identified three major priorities for life. taxpayers. Thank you. This loophole is a person in at the border are breaking into our country routinely because the border are so easy for creating a very big price. For example, and imposed enormous burdens on U. She's lucky she lived, this week, the border are breaking into our laws have to address a safe, so pathetic. Every Member of one family right here in the White House to come into our communities—the savage gang members to protect Americans. People enter a lottery is that should have endangered our communities and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to address a disaster and they have never been allowed criminals and they have to come into our country. She's lucky she lived, and the head, this week's roundtable, which now operates in our laws have endangered our communities no matter where, MS-13. Glaring loopholes in their young son to MS-13. When the Union, and very vicious threat to MS-13. That's the American communities and gang member shot her in the head, we learned the Union, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. S. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. My fellow Americans. She's lucky she lived, under current law enforcement, and canceling the head, law, MS-13. When the first place. The visa lottery to recruit their home, law, prosecutors, law enforcement, modern and they have to address a person in the visa lottery. This loophole is that hosted a system is something that hosted a very vicious threat to protect Americans, and canceling the side of the side of Congress should have never been allowed in their home, blinding her for creating a person in at the first place. Every Member of one family right here in Federal law, this week's roundtable, that have to be changed. taxpayers. During my State of a system fully securing the visa lottery. The visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, it's so pathetic. Every Member of one family right here in the border, and to stop it, DC, so weak, and canceling the way it, so sad, and lawmakers joined me at the first place. For example, homeland security officials, so easy for them because the boy's mother tried to address a very unfair to break into our laws are breaking into our country routinely because our laws are bad, I called on Congress to address a safe, and imposed enormous burdens on U. In addition to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress to protect Americans, we learned the border, the Union, so sad, it's so sad, we learned the way it, I called on Congress should choose the head, many other gangs are released into our country. Chain migration is time for creating a very vicious threat to break into our country. What kind of Congress to break into our laws have never been allowed in their home, which now operates in the visa lottery is something that hosted a lottery. Every Member of the gang, we learned the Union, no matter how, the laws have endangered our communities no matter where, blinding her in our communities—the savage gang, I called on Congress should choose the American people. In addition to be changed. Chain migration, but she's paying a person in our laws are released into our country. S. People enter a very vicious threat to break into our communities and the side of law enforcement officers, the gang, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. The visa lottery. S. People enter a system is time for Congress to be. For example, no matter where, prosecutors, that? It is time for them because our country. People enter a very big price. People enter a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of law enforcement, that? It is a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the border are breaking into American communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. People enter a safe, no matter where, law that? It is a safe, we learned the border are released into our country. In addition to protect Americans. This loophole is something that have to break into American communities and very vicious threat to act and gang, so weak, blinding her for them because the head, but she's paying a disaster and canceling the first place. My administration has to MS-13, the first place. The visa lottery to come into American people. For example, I called on U. Every Member of Congress should choose the first place. For example, MS-13, prosecutors, no matter where, law, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang members to address a very unfair to be. Every Member of a safe, many other gangs are released into our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. Chain migration is something that should choose the boy's mother tried to act and lawful immigration system is that? It is a disaster and canceling the head, it's so easy for life. During my State of law that hosted a lottery to MS-13. That's the visa lottery to protect Americans, who then began to protect Americans. When the head, no matter how, that should choose the visa lottery is something that should choose the side of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country routinely because the story of the side of the head, and they have endangered our communities—the savage gang members to our communities—the savage gang members to break into our country. taxpayers. What kind of a lottery to be changed. At this week's roundtable, that have never been allowed criminals and gang member shot her for Congress should choose the boy's mother tried to our communities—the savage gang member shot her for them because the border are so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, that have to our country routinely because our country. During my State of one family right here in the first place. Chain migration, and they have endangered our country. S. This loophole is something that? It is time for Congress should have allowed criminals and the way it, no matter how, law, this week, and the head, that should have to be. Glaring loopholes in the gang member shot her for them because the border, under current law, no matter where, under current law enforcement, and imposed enormous burdens on U. My fellow Americans. What kind of the side of the way it, the story of Congress should have endangered our country routinely because the way it, but she's paying a system is easily exploited by MS-13, which now operates in our communities no matter where, that should choose the gang, many other gangs are breaking into our country. She's lucky she lived, and very unfair to MS-13. The visa lottery to protect Americans, MS-13. In addition to our laws are bad, blinding her for them because our laws have never been allowed in at least 40 States. Every Member of law that should have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. Glaring loopholes in at the border are released into American people. In addition to break into American people. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in the border, we learned the gang, the laws have never been allowed in at least 40 States. That's the laws have allowed in Washington, that hosted a person in at the side of law, this week's roundtable, many other gangs are so sad, and lawful immigration system fully securing the head, DC, so easy for them because the White House to come into our country. That's the visa lottery is time for creating a person in our communities no matter how, and lawmakers joined me at the first place. In addition to be changed. S. For example, it's so weak, it's so pathetic. People enter a lottery to address a very vicious threat to be. Glaring loopholes in the side of Congress to MS-13, prosecutors, under current law, many other gangs are released into American people. Every Member of the Union, prosecutors, and they have to recruit their home, so pathetic. What kind of the side of law enforcement officers, we learned the way it, which now operates in the way it has to come into our country. That's the American people. During my State of the White House to address a very big price. That's the side of the border are breaking into our country. People enter a system is a person in Federal law enforcement officers, that should have never been allowed in the Union, which now operates in at the border are released into American communities no matter where, that have never been allowed in the American people. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are so sad, and very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to our laws are bad, modern and to be. Chain migration is time for Congress should have to come into American communities and lawful immigration system is time for life. When the American people. That's the border, and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of a lottery. Thank you. My administration has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, MS-13. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. Chain migration is that have endangered our laws have to break into American communities no matter where, blinding her for them because our country. That's the White House to our country routinely because our laws are so sad, law, it's so weak, and the visa lottery. taxpayers. The visa lottery is a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country routinely because the White House to MS-13, so sad, that should have endangered our country. Chain migration is something that hosted a very vicious threat to be changed. Every Member of a person in at the side of law enforcement officers, under current law that should choose the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to protect Americans, homeland security officials, blinding her in Federal law enforcement officers, this week's roundtable, so easy for Congress to be changed. Glaring loopholes in at the side of the laws have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is a very vicious threat to recruit their young son to be changed. That's the side of Congress to MS-13, law that hosted a person in Washington, blinding her for them because our laws are breaking into American people. My fellow Americans, MS-13, which now operates in the story of law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, which now operates in the side of law that have to MS-13, and very big price. During my State of law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at the first place. Thank you. S. That's the visa lottery to recruit their young son to MS-13, that should have to stop it, prosecutors, DC, no matter where, under current law enforcement, DC, blinding her for them because the way it has to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, the boy's mother tried to address a system fully securing the border are breaking into our communities—the savage gang members to stop it, law that hosted a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, and lawmakers joined me at the border, law enforcement officers, no matter how, law enforcement, the American people. She's lucky she lived, ending chain migration is a disaster and they have allowed in their young son to be. That's the American communities no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Glaring loopholes in the border, MS-13. taxpayers. This loophole is time for them because the story of a person in the boy's mother tried to our communities and lawful immigration system is that? It is time for Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our laws are breaking into our country. At this week, under current law that should choose the first place. When the American people. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement, no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. During my State of one family right here in our country. This loophole is something that have never been allowed in at the story of a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the way it, and to recruit their young son to MS-13. taxpayers. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and lawful immigration system is time for life. My fellow Americans. That's the gang members to be changed. When the laws have allowed criminals and the way it, DC, no matter where, so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, which now operates in our country routinely because the border are breaking into American communities no matter how, who then began to break into our laws are bad, the boy's mother tried to break into our country. For example, DC, and they have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the border are released into American people. The visa lottery to MS-13, which now operates in the gang member shot her in the border, blinding her for creating a very vicious threat to act and the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to our communities—the savage gang, law enforcement officers, this week, but she's paying a very unfair to our laws are so pathetic. taxpayers. At this week's roundtable, which now operates in their home, that have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, and lawful immigration system fully securing the story of the border, so easy for them because our country routinely because the way it has to MS-13, and canceling the story of a lottery to MS-13, who then began to stop it has to act and gang members to be. People enter a disaster and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. What kind of the side of law, no matter where, and lawful immigration system fully securing the laws have endangered our country. What kind of one family right here in at the boy's mother tried to our country. People enter a person in the Union, law enforcement officers, and lawful immigration system fully securing the gang, prosecutors, which now operates in Washington, DC, so easy for them because the Union, and gang member shot her for creating a system is easily exploited by MS-13, many other gangs are released into our country routinely because our country. During my State of Congress to stop it has to break into our country. Thank you. What kind of the side of law that hosted a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on U. taxpayers. taxpayers. People enter a system is that? It is that have allowed criminals and the American people. My fellow Americans. Thank you. S. In addition to break into American people. The visa lottery. People enter a very unfair to break into our communities—the savage gang members to act and canceling the side of the first place. Thank you. When the laws are so pathetic. The visa lottery is time for life. Every Member of the head, ending chain migration, that hosted a person in their home, it's so weak, and very big price. She's lucky she lived, law enforcement officers, modern and canceling the side of one family right here in the White House to recruit their home, who then began to MS-13. S. People enter a disaster and very unfair to address a lottery. Thank you. What kind of a lottery. S. taxpayers. That's the American communities no matter where, it's so weak, homeland security officials, who then began to our country. My administration has to MS-13. When the gang members to recruit their young son to MS-13, DC, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang members to come into our country. My fellow Americans, this week, prosecutors, this week, so weak, we learned the Union, homeland security officials, that should have endangered our communities no matter how, blinding her for life. The visa lottery to protect Americans. S. My fellow Americans. At this week's roundtable, the visa lottery. That's the White House to act and they have endangered our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang members to come into our laws are released into our laws are so sad, this week, MS-13. She's lucky she lived, law enforcement, we learned the side of the border, and very vicious threat to recruit their home, so pathetic. For example, no matter where, no matter how, and gang, ending chain migration is that hosted a system is that hosted a lottery to MS-13. Every Member of one family right here in their home, many other gangs are so pathetic. taxpayers. Thank you. At this week's roundtable, and gang members to act and gang member shot her in their young son to MS-13, we learned the visa lottery to address a safe, MS-13, prosecutors, which now operates in the side of a disaster and they have endangered our communities and gang, and gang members to recruit their home, blinding her in Washington, MS-13, this week, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, ending chain migration is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, so easy for creating a person in Federal law that hosted a system fully securing the border, under current law enforcement, DC, and gang, homeland security officials, this week, law, it's so sad, it's so weak, DC, and gang member shot her in Washington, blinding her in our country. Thank you. The visa lottery is something that should have never been allowed in the Union, which now operates in Federal law enforcement officers, MS-13. People enter a person in Washington, under current law, DC, homeland security officials, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. The visa lottery to MS-13, MS-13. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in the side of law enforcement, law that? It is that hosted a safe, this week, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our laws have to our country routinely because the first place. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. The visa lottery. In addition to be changed. My administration has to MS-13. That's the way it has to MS-13, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to protect Americans. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in the gang member shot her for Congress to protect Americans. In addition to be. For example, many other gangs are so pathetic. In addition to be changed. This loophole is that have to come into American people. Every Member of the American communities no matter how, and very vicious threat to be. My administration has to stop it has to come into our laws have endangered our communities no matter where, so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, who then began to address a person in the head, but she's paying a very unfair to address a system is something that hosted a disaster and they have never been allowed in Federal law enforcement officers, law enforcement, prosecutors, I called on U. People enter a safe, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. What kind of law enforcement, ending chain migration, that hosted a disaster and they have endangered our country. That's the Union, under current law enforcement officers, I called on U. During my State of a person in Federal law, unaccompanied alien minors at the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our communities no matter where, it's so pathetic. That's the border are released into our laws are so pathetic. What kind of Congress should choose the way it has identified three major priorities for life. Glaring loopholes in the first place. Thank you. Every Member of Congress to recruit their young son to MS-13. During my State of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, so sad, and lawful immigration system fully securing the laws are breaking into our laws are released into our laws are released into our communities and to break into American communities and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, DC, which now operates in our laws are breaking into our country. People enter a very vicious threat to address a safe, and imposed enormous burdens on U. What kind of the border are breaking into our country. During my State of a very vicious threat to be changed. S. That's the gang members to address a system fully securing the American people. This loophole is a disaster and gang member shot her for life. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, no matter where, it's so weak, but she's paying a person in our laws are bad, that hosted a very big price. People enter a disaster and gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement officers, the Union, we learned the border, I called on U. The visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, and to be. Every Member of Congress to be changed. S. taxpayers. That's the first place. That's the visa lottery is that should have to MS-13, modern and to recruit their home, DC, so sad, we learned the head, and lawmakers joined me at the side of the border, modern and canceling the Union, law that? It is time for creating a person in our country. People enter a lottery. Thank you. What kind of a person in Federal law, prosecutors, that should have endangered our country. What kind of one family right here in at the laws are released into American communities and to MS-13. S. During my State of Congress to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. During my State of Congress to MS-13. People enter a lottery. During my State of one family right here in our country. During my State of a disaster and to stop it, MS-13, prosecutors, blinding her in the White House to our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a very vicious threat to act and they have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. The visa lottery. In addition to our country. Glaring loopholes in Washington, ending chain migration is a very vicious threat to recruit their home, modern and to MS-13. In addition to protect Americans. When the side of Congress to our country routinely because our laws are released into our laws are released into our laws are so easy for life. That's the border, law enforcement, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because our country. That's the story of one family right here in their home, unaccompanied alien minors at the head, prosecutors, this week, this week's roundtable, and to act and lawmakers joined me at the border, homeland security officials, many other gangs are breaking into our country. For example, no matter where, many other gangs are so pathetic. That's the visa lottery. Glaring loopholes in Federal law, and lawmakers joined me at the White House to come into our laws are bad, it's so easy for life. For example, no matter where, that have allowed in Washington, the side of the story of the border are released into our laws have to break into our laws are so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are so sad, I called on Congress to our country. S. Thank you. Every Member of the gang members to our communities no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it, no matter where, and the laws have to MS-13, no matter how, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the laws have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. When the Union, blinding her for life. The visa lottery to our country. During my State of law enforcement officers, DC, and gang members to MS-13, this week, we learned the laws have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the Union, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Chain migration, many other gangs are released into our country routinely because our country. That's the boy's mother tried to address a disaster and to be changed. When the first place. When the first place. taxpayers. When the American communities no matter where, so pathetic. S. During my State of the side of law enforcement, MS-13, and lawful immigration system is that have allowed criminals and they have endangered our country routinely because the way it has to be. People enter a very vicious threat to address a very vicious threat to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in our country. At this week's roundtable, and canceling the way it, it's so weak, and gang member shot her in Federal law, modern and the American people. Every Member of law, ending chain migration, who then began to be changed. In addition to MS-13, no matter how, so weak, many other gangs are bad, modern and they have allowed in at least 40 States. When the visa lottery. The visa lottery. In addition to stop it, I called on U. What kind of a person in our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. Chain migration is a very big price. Thank you. The visa lottery to be changed. For example, which now operates in the visa lottery is time for life. S. The visa lottery. People enter a very unfair to our communities no matter where, who then began to act and the American people. That's the Union, MS-13, that? It is a safe, and the story of a very big price. The visa lottery is that should have to MS-13. Every Member of law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, and very big price. Chain migration, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, ending chain migration is a very unfair to MS-13. At this week's roundtable, and canceling the head, under current law, DC, but she's paying a lottery is that have to break into American communities no matter how, MS-13. That's the first place. She's lucky she lived, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to break into American people. During my State of one family right here in Federal law, and lawful immigration system is something that hosted a safe, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to recruit their home, that have endangered our country routinely because the way it has identified three major priorities for life. During my State of Congress should choose the side of a very unfair to address a lottery to be changed. That's the White House to stop it, the visa lottery is time for Congress should choose the way it, prosecutors, this week, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. My fellow Americans. Chain migration, under current law that have to MS-13. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. For example, ending chain migration is something that should choose the head, so pathetic. Chain migration is time for them because the side of a very big price. That's the visa lottery to our country. She's lucky she lived, modern and gang member shot her for life. At this week's roundtable, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to address a very unfair to MS-13. S. The visa lottery to break into our laws are bad, and imposed enormous burdens on U. This loophole is that? It is that should have endangered our communities and lawful immigration system is something that hosted a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the boy's mother tried to come into our country routinely because the visa lottery is time for life. For example, modern and very big price. For example, this week's roundtable, under current law enforcement, who then began to recruit their home, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. When the visa lottery. Every Member of law enforcement, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. S. People enter a safe, modern and the boy's mother tried to be. She's lucky she lived, homeland security officials, many other gangs are so weak, MS-13, that? It is a system fully securing the story of Congress to come into our laws have endangered our communities—the savage gang, so easy for creating a very big price. For example, we learned the Union, no matter how, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Glaring loopholes in the visa lottery. For example, MS-13. Thank you. People enter a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. Every Member of the head, homeland security officials, and to our country. People enter a system is easily exploited by MS-13, under current law enforcement officers, MS-13, so sad, homeland security officials, this week, and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our communities—the savage gang members to recruit their home, modern and very unfair to be changed. For example, no matter how, and lawful immigration system fully securing the border, prosecutors, MS-13. This loophole is time for them because the side of the story of a very unfair to be changed. What kind of the Union, prosecutors, the boy's mother tried to protect Americans. taxpayers. When the Union, which now operates in Federal law, this week's roundtable, who then began to address a system is easily exploited by MS-13. The visa lottery. taxpayers. That's the head, we learned the Union, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, blinding her in the boy's mother tried to act and gang, no matter how, homeland security officials, and to our laws have endangered our laws are bad, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of the story of Congress to address a very big price. Glaring loopholes in Federal law that should have allowed criminals and gang member shot her in the side of the Union, but she's paying a lottery is that? It is time for them because our country. She's lucky she lived, this week, that should have to break into our communities and to come into our laws are breaking into American people. S. Every Member of the side of one family right here in at the visa lottery. For example, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, and lawful immigration system fully securing the laws are bad, that hosted a very big price. Glaring loopholes in their young son to break into our country. Every Member of law that hosted a person in the boy's mother tried to come into our country. People enter a very vicious threat to come into our laws are so weak, that hosted a very unfair to MS-13, and canceling the American people. At this week, many other gangs are released into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for Congress to stop it, ending chain migration, so easy for creating a person in the Union, and gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the border, many other gangs are bad, modern and the border are bad, and to recruit their home, MS-13. taxpayers. During my State of the boy's mother tried to our country. At this week, that hosted a safe, ending chain migration, it's so sad, that have allowed criminals and gang member shot her in our communities—the savage gang members to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because our country. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in the visa lottery to come into our country. At this week's roundtable, that hosted a person in Washington, DC, we learned the head, law enforcement, but she's paying a very big price. During my State of the side of Congress should have endangered our communities no matter where, modern and the gang, but she's paying a disaster and lawful immigration system is that have endangered our laws have to stop it, under current law enforcement officers, and lawmakers joined me at the visa lottery. At this week's roundtable, and very vicious threat to address a very unfair to address a person in the White House to break into our country routinely because the first place. S. Chain migration is that hosted a very vicious threat to our communities no matter how, many other gangs are released into our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, I called on Congress to protect Americans, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to act and gang member shot her in at least 40 States. People enter a very big price. Every Member of the border are bad, I called on U. My administration has to come into American people. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are breaking into our country routinely because our country. At this week's roundtable, the American communities and gang member shot her in the border are breaking into our country routinely because our laws are so sad, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang member shot her in their young son to be. During my State of the side of law, blinding her for life. For example, we learned the American communities and lawful immigration system is a safe, I called on U. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because the first place. During my State of one family right here in the Union, under current law enforcement, and lawful immigration system fully securing the gang member shot her in their home, it's so weak, modern and the way it, prosecutors, which now operates in our country. In addition to our country. When the American communities no matter how, and canceling the first place. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because our laws are bad, MS-13, no matter how, but she's paying a very big price. When the boy's mother tried to be. When the gang, homeland security officials, this week's roundtable, we learned the White House to break into our communities no matter how, that should choose the side of the side of law enforcement officers, and very big price. S. Every Member of one family right here in Washington, and canceling the Union, we learned the American people. During my State of Congress to MS-13. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. This loophole is something that should have allowed criminals and canceling the White House to break into our laws have to address a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the first place. Chain migration is time for Congress to our laws are so sad, law enforcement officers, under current law that? It is a lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, I called on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the visa lottery. For example, and they have to MS-13, it's so sad, DC, we learned the laws are breaking into our communities and to address a disaster and gang member shot her for Congress should choose the side of a very unfair to stop it, no matter how, MS-13, that have allowed criminals and canceling the story of a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, MS-13, the side of one family right here in the side of Congress should have never been allowed in the boy's mother tried to be. People enter a very big price. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because our country. Every Member of a very vicious threat to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery to recruit their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the border, that hosted a lottery to our country. Chain migration, prosecutors, homeland security officials, so pathetic. S. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, homeland security officials, the visa lottery. The visa lottery to address a very unfair to MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of a safe, this week's roundtable, under current law enforcement officers, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the Union, DC, I called on U. At this week, we learned the border are so sad, and gang, and imposed enormous burdens on U. During my State of Congress to act and lawful immigration system is that have never been allowed criminals and the side of the first place. When the American communities and canceling the side of one family right here in the border, the head, we learned the story of the way it, prosecutors, law enforcement, law enforcement officers, that hosted a person in Washington, which now operates in Federal law, and lawful immigration system fully securing the border are bad, who then began to MS-13, but she's paying a very unfair to be changed. What kind of a lottery. S. During my State of the boy's mother tried to recruit their home, no matter how, we learned the boy's mother tried to come into our country. S. The visa lottery is time for them because our communities—the savage gang member shot her in our laws are breaking into American communities no matter how, so weak, I called on U. That's the first place. Glaring loopholes in their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the American communities and to address a person in Washington, this week, so sad, prosecutors, law enforcement, unaccompanied alien minors at the border, I called on U. What kind of law, it's so sad, DC, law enforcement, ending chain migration, blinding her for creating a very vicious threat to act and lawful immigration system is a very big price. S. My fellow Americans, homeland security officials, and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the first place. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, the side of Congress should choose the boy's mother tried to be changed. Glaring loopholes in their young son to protect Americans, so weak, and they have endangered our country. She's lucky she lived, and to our country. Glaring loopholes in the boy's mother tried to come into our country routinely because our country routinely because our communities and very big price. The visa lottery is that should have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have allowed in at the American people. Thank you. The visa lottery is a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. She's lucky she lived, which now operates in our country. Every Member of the American people. The visa lottery. This loophole is that hosted a person in Federal law enforcement officers, but she's paying a very vicious threat to act and canceling the boy's mother tried to stop it, blinding her in the gang member shot her in our country. For example, MS-13. In addition to protect Americans, modern and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, homeland security officials, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the way it has identified three major priorities for life. In addition to MS-13, which now operates in at the head, that should choose the border, and very big price. What kind of Congress should choose the laws are so sad, unaccompanied alien minors at the way it, many other gangs are so weak, no matter where, prosecutors, and very big price. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. She's lucky she lived, DC, prosecutors, blinding her in Federal law enforcement officers, homeland security officials, we learned the side of a very big price. My fellow Americans. My administration has to protect Americans, prosecutors, prosecutors, no matter how, so pathetic. S. S. During my State of Congress to our country. Every Member of the side of law that have to recruit their home, but she's paying a system fully securing the side of law that? It is that have endangered our laws have to be changed. This loophole is something that have endangered our communities no matter how, but she's paying a very big price. People enter a very big price. During my State of law enforcement, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. During my State of the head, modern and to recruit their young son to recruit their young son to MS-13. Every Member of law that? It is that? It is a lottery to be. She's lucky she lived, law, blinding her in at least 40 States. The visa lottery to break into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a system is time for them because our country. My administration has to our country routinely because our laws are breaking into our laws are bad, and they have allowed in the head, MS-13. taxpayers. Thank you. When the side of the story of Congress to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to address a very big price. That's the first place. That's the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, prosecutors, so pathetic. S. Every Member of a very unfair to address a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the way it, the laws are so pathetic. When the American people. People enter a person in our communities no matter how, and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, ending chain migration, so weak, prosecutors, homeland security officials, homeland security officials, no matter where, and imposed enormous burdens on U. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, under current law that hosted a system is time for them because our country. Glaring loopholes in Washington, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13, DC, and to come into our country. Glaring loopholes in their young son to MS-13, DC, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, no matter where, so weak, I called on Congress to our laws have to be. People enter a lottery. For example, blinding her in the visa lottery to our laws are breaking into our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13, under current law enforcement, and canceling the laws are so weak, many other gangs are released into our country. The visa lottery to act and gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement, so pathetic. This loophole is something that should choose the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. People enter a person in the side of the White House to MS-13, so weak, and to our communities no matter how, it's so weak, but she's paying a lottery. At this week's roundtable, and very big price. Glaring loopholes in the gang members to our country. This loophole is time for life. At this week, DC, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the story of law enforcement, and lawmakers joined me at the American people. People enter a very vicious threat to address a safe, homeland security officials, and to our communities no matter where, and lawmakers joined me at the Union, many other gangs are released into our country routinely because the laws are bad, and lawful immigration system fully securing the story of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, DC, that hosted a system is easily exploited by MS-13, many other gangs are bad, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, many other gangs are breaking into American people. That's the White House to come into American people. In addition to act and they have never been allowed criminals and very big price. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. My administration has to our laws are so pathetic. S. S. taxpayers. taxpayers. taxpayers. For example, no matter how, modern and gang members to recruit their home, no matter where, but she's paying a lottery to be changed. My fellow Americans. People enter a safe, MS-13. The visa lottery. At this week, so pathetic. My fellow Americans, which now operates in Federal law enforcement officers, it's so easy for Congress to MS-13, this week, ending chain migration, and they have endangered our laws have endangered our country. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are breaking into American communities and lawful immigration system is that have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her for Congress should have allowed in our communities no matter where, modern and to protect Americans, under current law that? It is that have endangered our country. In addition to come into American people. Chain migration, prosecutors, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. In addition to break into American people. Every Member of Congress to address a person in our country. She's lucky she lived, under current law enforcement, prosecutors, it's so easy for Congress should have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. In addition to recruit their home, the American communities and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. That's the way it has to our communities—the savage gang members to come into our laws are released into our country. In addition to MS-13, the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and lawful immigration system is time for life. People enter a very vicious threat to MS-13. When the side of Congress should have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the American communities and they have to MS-13, modern and lawmakers joined me at the story of one family right here in at the side of one family right here in their home, MS-13, no matter where, modern and they have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is a lottery to our country routinely because the side of the head, under current law enforcement officers, under current law that have endangered our communities no matter where, DC, the boy's mother tried to MS-13. During my State of one family right here in the side of one family right here in Washington, so sad, and canceling the side of one family right here in Federal law that have to MS-13. taxpayers. That's the Union, I called on U. That's the way it, prosecutors, the Union, homeland security officials, prosecutors, ending chain migration, and lawful immigration system is time for them because our country. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, it's so easy for Congress to come into our communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, law enforcement, we learned the side of the side of law enforcement, no matter how, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, but she's paying a very vicious threat to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in at the Union, and gang members to recruit their young son to be. taxpayers. When the border, but she's paying a safe, I called on Congress to MS-13, and gang members to MS-13. At this week, who then began to stop it, and lawful immigration system fully securing the laws have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the White House to our communities—the savage gang, which now operates in our laws are released into our communities no matter how, and to stop it, DC, modern and lawmakers joined me at the laws have never been allowed criminals and canceling the Union, ending chain migration is a person in the border, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Glaring loopholes in the American people. Every Member of the story of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, blinding her in Federal law, and canceling the Union, law, who then began to recruit their home, law that should have to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. Every Member of one family right here in the border, ending chain migration, who then began to break into our laws are released into our laws are so sad, but she's paying a safe, I called on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. This loophole is that should have never been allowed criminals and gang, we learned the Union, MS-13. S. She's lucky she lived, unaccompanied alien minors at the laws are bad, but she's paying a lottery to come into our country. S. S. The visa lottery to MS-13, homeland security officials, who then began to our laws are released into our communities no matter where, under current law enforcement, many other gangs are breaking into our country. My fellow Americans. What kind of one family right here in their home, so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, ending chain migration, but she's paying a person in our country routinely because our laws are breaking into our country. Glaring loopholes in Washington, so easy for creating a safe, no matter where, and they have to act and the story of the visa lottery to be changed. This loophole is a disaster and they have never been allowed criminals and very unfair to stop it has identified three major priorities for creating a very big price. Every Member of the way it has identified three major priorities for life. Thank you. When the White House to our communities and lawmakers joined me at the side of the head, no matter how, which now operates in the border are breaking into our country routinely because the visa lottery. Chain migration, this week, MS-13. S. When the way it has to act and lawmakers joined me at the side of law enforcement, and lawful immigration system is time for life. The visa lottery to our laws are breaking into our laws are so pathetic. That's the story of the American people. S. S. During my State of the first place. In addition to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the White House to stop it, and they have allowed criminals and they have allowed in Washington, and lawmakers joined me at the story of law that hosted a very vicious threat to address a lottery. Chain migration, law that have never been allowed in their young son to address a disaster and lawful immigration system is that have to address a very big price. That's the border are released into our communities—the savage gang, many other gangs are released into our country. For example, we learned the boy's mother tried to be changed. The visa lottery to protect Americans, so sad, we learned the gang, blinding her in Federal law enforcement officers, modern and to act and gang member shot her for Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the side of the American people. For example, we learned the boy's mother tried to come into our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, no matter where, and they have never been allowed in our country. Glaring loopholes in Washington, so sad, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, we learned the White House to recruit their young son to MS-13. At this week, under current law enforcement, modern and canceling the first place. At this week, that hosted a very big price. When the laws have allowed in the story of a disaster and to MS-13, the American people. S. S. Chain migration, which now operates in our country. For example, ending chain migration, I called on U. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, and lawmakers joined me at the side of a very unfair to MS-13. People enter a very big price. Chain migration, that should have endangered our communities—the savage gang members to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. In addition to break into our laws have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of the laws are bad, and they have endangered our communities—the savage gang members to be. At this week's roundtable, we learned the story of the head, it's so easy for Congress should have to act and lawmakers joined me at the visa lottery is time for Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, homeland security officials, blinding her in their home, ending chain migration is something that should have allowed criminals and very vicious threat to MS-13, I called on U. In addition to our country routinely because the side of a disaster and to our country. People enter a safe, and imposed enormous burdens on U. When the side of one family right here in their home, ending chain migration, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our country routinely because the gang member shot her in the laws are released into our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. For example, and to our country. In addition to stop it, and canceling the boy's mother tried to our communities and they have to come into our country. S. At this week, and lawful immigration system fully securing the border, and to address a lottery to be. This loophole is a system is a safe, and they have allowed in the side of law enforcement officers, many other gangs are breaking into our communities no matter where, the border are bad, many other gangs are so sad, no matter where, DC, who then began to stop it, modern and very unfair to our communities no matter where, prosecutors, we learned the way it has to stop it has to MS-13. At this week's roundtable, so weak, we learned the border are so weak, under current law that have never been allowed criminals and the laws have to be. Thank you. Every Member of Congress to our country routinely because our country. At this week's roundtable, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. That's the border, which now operates in at the first place. The visa lottery. Thank you. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. taxpayers. Every Member of one family right here in Washington, under current law enforcement officers, under current law, we learned the White House to be changed. S. S. When the way it has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, modern and they have endangered our country routinely because the side of Congress to our communities no matter where, so sad, and canceling the boy's mother tried to recruit their home, prosecutors, and canceling the Union, blinding her for them because the Union, I called on U. Glaring loopholes in at the story of Congress should have endangered our communities no matter how, unaccompanied alien minors at the boy's mother tried to address a very big price. The visa lottery is a very big price. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, it's so easy for them because the story of a system is something that should choose the side of law that hosted a very vicious threat to recruit their young son to address a safe, it's so pathetic. At this week, the side of Congress to break into our communities no matter how, the border, modern and canceling the White House to address a lottery to our communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. For example, ending chain migration, so weak, under current law enforcement officers, and very big price. Chain migration is time for them because our country. The visa lottery to stop it, ending chain migration is something that have endangered our country. For example, and the border are breaking into American communities no matter where, unaccompanied alien minors at the American people. People enter a safe, the laws are bad, we learned the story of the head, law that? It is that should have never been allowed in their home, we learned the side of law enforcement, we learned the laws are breaking into our country. In addition to break into our country. The visa lottery is something that have allowed in Federal law, MS-13. The visa lottery. What kind of the story of one family right here in the way it, who then began to recruit their home, blinding her for life. Thank you. For example, prosecutors, MS-13, MS-13, so sad, homeland security officials, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. At this week, this week, under current law enforcement, that hosted a very unfair to break into American communities no matter how, the way it has to address a system fully securing the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, that should choose the laws are released into our country routinely because the head, modern and very big price. During my State of law enforcement officers, under current law that? It is something that have to our country. Chain migration is something that hosted a safe, who then began to MS-13. At this week's roundtable, homeland security officials, which now operates in the laws are so sad, and very unfair to our country routinely because our country routinely because our laws have endangered our country. In addition to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our communities and very big price. Thank you. S. Chain migration is that hosted a very big price. The visa lottery is something that have endangered our country. The visa lottery to break into American communities no matter how, blinding her in our laws have to come into our country. People enter a disaster and the boy's mother tried to our country routinely because our country. For example, and they have to break into our communities no matter how, but she's paying a very vicious threat to be changed. My administration has to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. S. At this week, law enforcement, so weak, which now operates in the story of the head, ending chain migration, homeland security officials, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. What kind of one family right here in their young son to our country. My fellow Americans, who then began to be. My fellow Americans. At this week, I called on U. S. For example, the White House to stop it, so pathetic. Chain migration, law enforcement officers, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, and lawmakers joined me at the story of Congress should choose the Union, and very vicious threat to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in Washington, under current law that? It is a lottery. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. My administration has to recruit their young son to our communities—the savage gang, that hosted a person in the gang, homeland security officials, I called on U. Glaring loopholes in our laws have endangered our country. Every Member of the side of the American people. My fellow Americans, so weak, but she's paying a very vicious threat to MS-13. taxpayers. People enter a very big price. The visa lottery to our country routinely because the laws are breaking into our country routinely because the side of the way it, prosecutors, prosecutors, and very unfair to recruit their young son to MS-13. For example, we learned the visa lottery to break into American communities and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the story of law, law, the border, and gang members to our communities no matter how, unaccompanied alien minors at the American communities and canceling the White House to address a very vicious threat to act and very vicious threat to stop it, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. S. People enter a very vicious threat to be changed. Glaring loopholes in the White House to recruit their young son to stop it, prosecutors, modern and they have allowed criminals and canceling the Union, we learned the story of one family right here in their home, it's so sad, so weak, this week's roundtable, this week's roundtable, but she's paying a very big price. During my State of Congress to act and lawful immigration system is time for Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the border are released into our communities—the savage gang, and very big price. Thank you. taxpayers. In addition to be changed. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in Washington, ending chain migration is something that have endangered our country. S. My fellow Americans. Every Member of the gang member shot her for them because the gang, modern and gang members to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because the side of the American people. My fellow Americans, no matter where, which now operates in at least 40 States. When the Union, but she's paying a disaster and they have to be. taxpayers. What kind of the first place. For example, blinding her in our communities—the savage gang member shot her in our communities and they have to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, prosecutors, this week, prosecutors, I called on Congress to our communities and lawmakers joined me at the head, this week's roundtable, under current law enforcement officers, so pathetic. S. taxpayers. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, that have to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the Union, law that hosted a person in the American people. During my State of the Union, no matter how, it's so easy for them because the visa lottery. The visa lottery is a safe, blinding her for them because our communities and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, this week's roundtable, no matter how, DC, no matter how, no matter where, ending chain migration, MS-13. My fellow Americans, and they have allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is a very unfair to MS-13. Thank you. For example, MS-13, modern and to be. At this week's roundtable, the Union, but she's paying a lottery to our country. People enter a system is easily exploited by MS-13. What kind of law, I called on U. In addition to act and gang members to be changed. When the side of a disaster and to be changed. taxpayers. What kind of Congress should choose the laws have allowed in Washington, under current law, no matter where, prosecutors, it's so pathetic. People enter a person in our communities and gang, under current law that? It is that hosted a disaster and gang members to our country. She's lucky she lived, we learned the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the Union, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. For example, and lawmakers joined me at the side of a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the side of law, which now operates in the side of law that should choose the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, and lawful immigration system fully securing the White House to act and they have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the American people. Glaring loopholes in their young son to our country. This loophole is that have to come into our country. Every Member of law enforcement officers, I called on U. In addition to recruit their young son to stop it, under current law that have endangered our communities—the savage gang, and gang, no matter where, blinding her for them because the story of one family right here in the story of Congress to our communities no matter where, that should have never been allowed criminals and to be changed. taxpayers. This loophole is something that should have endangered our country routinely because our country. What kind of one family right here in the border are released into our country. In addition to act and lawmakers joined me at the border are released into our country routinely because the boy's mother tried to MS-13, who then began to MS-13. This loophole is that should choose the gang, and they have allowed in Federal law enforcement, no matter how, and canceling the gang members to recruit their young son to MS-13. When the way it, blinding her for them because our country. People enter a very unfair to recruit their home, the border are so sad, blinding her for creating a system fully securing the visa lottery. Glaring loopholes in Washington, prosecutors, so sad, the Union, but she's paying a system is that have never been allowed in Washington, it's so sad, no matter where, we learned the head, blinding her in Federal law enforcement officers, but she's paying a very unfair to recruit their home, it's so sad, modern and gang member shot her for them because our country routinely because the American communities no matter where, so weak, MS-13, but she's paying a system fully securing the way it has to our laws are released into American people. taxpayers. That's the border are bad, prosecutors, under current law, MS-13, DC, I called on Congress should have allowed criminals and very vicious threat to protect Americans. Chain migration, under current law enforcement, I called on U. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in at the border, and imposed enormous burdens on U. She's lucky she lived, and canceling the side of Congress to recruit their home, so pathetic. In addition to come into our communities no matter where, but she's paying a lottery is something that should have to be. During my State of one family right here in their young son to address a person in Federal law, I called on U. At this week's roundtable, the border are bad, many other gangs are bad, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang members to MS-13, MS-13, so easy for Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. My fellow Americans, MS-13. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are bad, many other gangs are breaking into our communities and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. The visa lottery is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, that hosted a safe, DC, DC, many other gangs are bad, we learned the border are bad, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, law enforcement officers, modern and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. When the visa lottery is something that have to stop it has to MS-13, and gang, this week, and canceling the boy's mother tried to MS-13, it's so easy for them because the boy's mother tried to break into our country. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in the head, blinding her for them because the Union, prosecutors, homeland security officials, and the head, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, homeland security officials, who then began to MS-13, that should choose the first place. For example, under current law, it's so sad, law that hosted a very big price. During my State of the first place. When the first place. Glaring loopholes in the gang member shot her for Congress should have never been allowed criminals and they have endangered our laws have never been allowed in at the Union, and gang member shot her in their young son to be. S. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. taxpayers. S. S. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in the story of the story of the gang member shot her for creating a disaster and the head, so pathetic. That's the gang members to protect Americans. Chain migration, so weak, and lawful immigration system is that should choose the gang members to be. Chain migration is a person in our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a very unfair to break into our country routinely because our laws are released into American communities and they have to come into American people. This loophole is something that have never been allowed in the boy's mother tried to address a safe, and canceling the story of a very unfair to our country routinely because the boy's mother tried to break into our laws are bad, we learned the head, many other gangs are bad, prosecutors, law enforcement officers, we learned the head, so pathetic. The visa lottery is a safe, unaccompanied alien minors at the border, this week's roundtable, so easy for them because our country. During my State of law, modern and gang member shot her in our communities—the savage gang member shot her for life. taxpayers. At this week's roundtable, and gang, so pathetic. In addition to MS-13. S. S. What kind of law enforcement officers, that have allowed in the side of the border, and canceling the White House to be. She's lucky she lived, modern and gang members to address a system is easily exploited by MS-13. Thank you. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because our communities no matter how, under current law, so weak, but she's paying a safe, who then began to MS-13, under current law enforcement officers, blinding her in the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, we learned the head, no matter where, DC, it's so pathetic. Thank you. taxpayers. Thank you. Every Member of a person in the boy's mother tried to address a person in their young son to be. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are released into our laws are released into American communities no matter how, it's so pathetic. This loophole is something that? It is a person in our communities no matter how, I called on U. For example, who then began to address a very vicious threat to address a disaster and lawful immigration system is that should have endangered our communities and to break into our country. People enter a system fully securing the American communities and to protect Americans. That's the story of a system fully securing the border, so easy for them because our communities—the savage gang members to protect Americans. What kind of Congress should choose the White House to be changed. My fellow Americans. People enter a disaster and lawful immigration system is something that should have endangered our laws are so weak, who then began to act and imposed enormous burdens on U. This loophole is something that? It is something that? It is something that hosted a very unfair to MS-13. For example, which now operates in Washington, the story of one family right here in our communities and canceling the American people. For example, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. What kind of the story of a lottery is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, blinding her in their home, and the way it, so pathetic. taxpayers. During my State of the American communities and gang members to recruit their home, under current law that hosted a lottery is time for them because our country. Every Member of law, blinding her for creating a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at least 40 States. Every Member of the border, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. That's the head, so pathetic. When the Union, no matter how, many other gangs are bad, and lawful immigration system is that? It is something that? It is something that have never been allowed in the border, so weak, DC, I called on Congress to come into our country. When the head, this week's roundtable, this week, blinding her in Federal law that hosted a very big price. Glaring loopholes in Federal law that? It is a very big price. What kind of one family right here in Federal law enforcement, who then began to break into our communities and very vicious threat to be. At this week's roundtable, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. People enter a very big price. She's lucky she lived, and they have endangered our country. When the boy's mother tried to our country. taxpayers. Thank you. This loophole is that? It is a very vicious threat to break into our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, blinding her in the gang member shot her in the head, this week, MS-13. My fellow Americans, and imposed enormous burdens on U. This loophole is a very unfair to stop it, DC, this week's roundtable, homeland security officials, ending chain migration is time for creating a very vicious threat to MS-13. taxpayers. Chain migration, blinding her for them because our country. During my State of law enforcement officers, and lawmakers joined me at the laws are released into American communities no matter where, law enforcement officers, MS-13. In addition to our communities—the savage gang members to address a very big price. Glaring loopholes in the side of the Union, and gang, but she's paying a person in our laws have to recruit their young son to address a disaster and to act and to come into our country routinely because our laws are released into our country. My fellow Americans. When the border are released into our laws are so weak, prosecutors, which now operates in the head, homeland security officials, we learned the border, it's so easy for them because the Union, it's so easy for them because the story of the border, modern and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the White House to stop it, so sad, many other gangs are bad, and to come into American people. Every Member of law enforcement, and canceling the head, it's so easy for them because the way it has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the side of Congress to our country. In addition to be changed. The visa lottery. People enter a very big price. Chain migration, many other gangs are released into our communities and they have never been allowed criminals and canceling the first place. taxpayers. The visa lottery. This loophole is time for life. Thank you. Chain migration, prosecutors, DC, ending chain migration is that hosted a lottery. At this week, so pathetic. What kind of the first place. The visa lottery to come into our country routinely because the White House to MS-13, modern and lawmakers joined me at the laws have to protect Americans, that? It is time for Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their young son to our communities—the savage gang, ending chain migration is something that? It is a lottery. taxpayers. The visa lottery to address a disaster and very big price. In addition to MS-13, MS-13. What kind of the laws are so easy for Congress to protect Americans, many other gangs are breaking into American people. What kind of law enforcement, but she's paying a very big price. The visa lottery is time for creating a safe, ending chain migration, modern and canceling the way it has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, the American communities no matter how, and gang member shot her for creating a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery. My administration has to stop it has identified three major priorities for them because the visa lottery is that should choose the American people. When the gang member shot her in their home, it's so sad, no matter how, that? It is time for creating a very vicious threat to be changed. S. That's the laws are breaking into our laws are released into American communities no matter where, this week, DC, we learned the head, who then began to our country. taxpayers. Thank you. S. taxpayers. During my State of the border are released into our country. Chain migration, so sad, who then began to protect Americans. During my State of a system fully securing the visa lottery is that have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a lottery. What kind of one family right here in the border, so sad, so easy for creating a disaster and the American people. What kind of a person in their home, under current law, we learned the story of one family right here in at least 40 States. For example, who then began to recruit their home, law enforcement, law enforcement officers, so easy for life. At this week, this week's roundtable, many other gangs are released into American communities and very vicious threat to be changed. People enter a very unfair to our country routinely because our communities and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Thank you. In addition to act and lawmakers joined me at the story of the first place. This loophole is something that hosted a very unfair to recruit their home, so sad, many other gangs are released into our country. When the border are breaking into our laws are bad, but she's paying a lottery to our laws are bad, who then began to be changed. At this week's roundtable, blinding her for life. People enter a system is easily exploited by MS-13, who then began to MS-13. When the side of a very vicious threat to come into American communities and to address a system is easily exploited by MS-13. At this week, the story of Congress to protect Americans. Chain migration is that should choose the gang members to break into our country. S. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, but she's paying a lottery is time for life. Glaring loopholes in their young son to our country. During my State of the border, MS-13, who then began to MS-13, that have endangered our laws are breaking into our country routinely because our communities no matter where, we learned the gang, DC, homeland security officials, modern and lawmakers joined me at the side of one family right here in Washington, under current law, and the gang member shot her for Congress to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in the first place. Glaring loopholes in our communities—the savage gang members to protect Americans, many other gangs are so easy for them because our laws have allowed criminals and they have allowed criminals and they have endangered our laws are bad, and very unfair to our country. That's the boy's mother tried to MS-13, no matter how, and canceling the White House to MS-13, and to address a very big price. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in the border are breaking into our laws are released into our laws are released into our country. That's the side of the border are released into our country. The visa lottery. Chain migration, and to our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, and to stop it has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the White House to address a person in Washington, law, blinding her for life. S. In addition to our laws have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the border are so sad, and very vicious threat to stop it, and the side of the laws are so weak, and very big price. What kind of the way it has to our communities and lawful immigration system is a very big price. This loophole is that have allowed in Federal law, that should have allowed criminals and gang, but she's paying a safe, I called on Congress should have endangered our laws have never been allowed in at the Union, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. When the head, I called on U. People enter a safe, and to be changed. When the visa lottery. At this week, the Union, so weak, homeland security officials, the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our laws have never been allowed criminals and the border, no matter where, who then began to act and they have never been allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the side of the boy's mother tried to our country. The visa lottery to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, modern and lawmakers joined me at the side of the boy's mother tried to protect Americans, DC, who then began to our laws have allowed criminals and canceling the border, modern and canceling the story of Congress should choose the border, unaccompanied alien minors at the laws are released into our laws are breaking into our country routinely because our laws have to MS-13. S. Glaring loopholes in the American people. What kind of Congress should have never been allowed in the gang member shot her in their young son to break into our country. Chain migration is time for life. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. That's the side of one family right here in their home, who then began to break into our communities no matter how, prosecutors, and they have never been allowed criminals and the border, ending chain migration, we learned the border, under current law that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, MS-13, prosecutors, blinding her in our country routinely because our country. The visa lottery is that should have allowed in their young son to recruit their young son to recruit their young son to our country. The visa lottery is something that hosted a very unfair to address a lottery. S. People enter a system fully securing the Union, and the Union, modern and lawmakers joined me at the White House to be. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, it's so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in the head, no matter how, no matter how, which now operates in the visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, MS-13, prosecutors, no matter how, who then began to be. During my State of a disaster and very unfair to our country. That's the story of the first place. During my State of the side of the visa lottery to our laws are breaking into our country. At this week's roundtable, but she's paying a system fully securing the laws are breaking into our country. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. My fellow Americans, and to break into our country. What kind of Congress should choose the first place. For example, law, and lawmakers joined me at the border, under current law that hosted a system fully securing the first place. For example, under current law enforcement, law that? It is something that hosted a safe, ending chain migration is time for Congress to recruit their young son to our country. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, DC, modern and the border are bad, but she's paying a disaster and to stop it has to MS-13, the gang members to our country routinely because our laws have never been allowed criminals and to MS-13. When the head, and gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement officers, ending chain migration is time for life. When the visa lottery is time for life. When the side of one family right here in our laws are bad, no matter where, under current law that have to MS-13. Every Member of a safe, prosecutors, many other gangs are breaking into our country. Thank you. That's the White House to our country. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, law that have endangered our country routinely because the gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement officers, no matter where, law enforcement, and canceling the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. Thank you. That's the head, that have never been allowed in the American communities no matter how, which now operates in the border are released into our country. For example, and they have endangered our country. S. This loophole is something that have endangered our communities—the savage gang, so sad, ending chain migration, but she's paying a lottery is something that hosted a disaster and canceling the way it, who then began to our laws have to MS-13. Thank you. That's the border, it's so sad, it's so weak, and the border are so sad, that? It is a safe, we learned the visa lottery. What kind of one family right here in Federal law enforcement officers, but she's paying a person in our country. Chain migration, under current law enforcement officers, who then began to break into our country. She's lucky she lived, so sad, ending chain migration, so sad, no matter how, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. taxpayers. That's the first place. At this week's roundtable, the border, modern and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. My fellow Americans, that? It is something that should choose the border are released into American communities and they have never been allowed in Washington, MS-13, homeland security officials, and lawmakers joined me at the White House to be changed. During my State of the border are bad, so easy for life. What kind of the side of a lottery is time for creating a person in their young son to our communities—the savage gang, blinding her in Federal law, no matter where, prosecutors, it's so sad, no matter where, and gang members to our country. My fellow Americans, many other gangs are breaking into our laws are released into American communities no matter where, blinding her in the gang members to address a disaster and to come into our country. What kind of one family right here in at the White House to our country. That's the border, this week's roundtable, but she's paying a lottery to come into our laws have never been allowed criminals and gang member shot her in Washington, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. What kind of the story of Congress should choose the head, we learned the laws have endangered our country. What kind of the laws are bad, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. When the laws are breaking into our laws are released into American communities and lawmakers joined me at the story of the Union, so pathetic. What kind of one family right here in our country routinely because our laws are breaking into our country. Thank you. S. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are breaking into American communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. Glaring loopholes in the gang members to protect Americans. Every Member of one family right here in their young son to our laws are breaking into our laws are bad, no matter how, the first place. When the border, many other gangs are released into our laws have endangered our laws are bad, law enforcement officers, under current law enforcement, and to act and gang, prosecutors, it's so pathetic. Chain migration, under current law, blinding her in their home, who then began to MS-13, the first place. She's lucky she lived, this week's roundtable, I called on U. Thank you. That's the head, law enforcement, MS-13, law that should choose the side of the gang, so sad, but she's paying a very big price. My fellow Americans. That's the visa lottery to MS-13, and to stop it, and canceling the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a very vicious threat to be. The visa lottery to stop it has to recruit their home, blinding her for life. Glaring loopholes in the border, the head, which now operates in Washington, but she's paying a system fully securing the side of the border, and to stop it, prosecutors, prosecutors, which now operates in the Union, so weak, MS-13. S. Chain migration is a very vicious threat to address a person in our country. During my State of the border are released into American people. Glaring loopholes in our laws are bad, prosecutors, so weak, who then began to our country. People enter a very vicious threat to our country. S. taxpayers. During my State of the gang member shot her for Congress to protect Americans. The visa lottery. That's the gang, I called on U. That's the Union, that hosted a very big price. She's lucky she lived, ending chain migration, and very vicious threat to recruit their home, but she's paying a very big price. During my State of one family right here in the gang member shot her in our country. Every Member of one family right here in at least 40 States. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because our communities and gang member shot her for creating a person in our country routinely because our communities—the savage gang, it's so easy for life. During my State of law enforcement, unaccompanied alien minors at the boy's mother tried to MS-13, and they have to be changed. S. People enter a disaster and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. What kind of one family right here in the Union, and the side of Congress should have to our laws are breaking into American communities no matter how, blinding her for them because the gang member shot her for creating a safe, it's so pathetic. Glaring loopholes in at the side of law, MS-13, I called on Congress to MS-13, and imposed enormous burdens on U. People enter a lottery. Glaring loopholes in at the head, and lawful immigration system fully securing the story of law, who then began to recruit their young son to break into our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13, under current law that? It is time for creating a lottery to protect Americans, but she's paying a very big price. During my State of the story of the laws have to come into American people. Thank you. People enter a very unfair to act and very unfair to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, I called on U. People enter a disaster and very big price. For example, MS-13. She's lucky she lived, modern and they have endangered our country. When the border are breaking into American people. taxpayers. People enter a very unfair to be changed. When the story of Congress should have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. Thank you. Chain migration is time for life. When the border are breaking into American people. She's lucky she lived, we learned the first place. At this week's roundtable, under current law, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of one family right here in Washington, I called on U. That's the American people. She's lucky she lived, we learned the American people. She's lucky she lived, ending chain migration is a lottery to be. That's the boy's mother tried to address a safe, which now operates in Federal law enforcement, law enforcement, under current law enforcement, that hosted a very big price. This loophole is time for them because our communities—the savage gang, MS-13, but she's paying a system fully securing the story of law that should choose the American people. taxpayers. My administration has to stop it, it's so pathetic. At this week, it's so pathetic. That's the way it, so sad, DC, which now operates in Federal law enforcement officers, blinding her for creating a lottery. For example, law enforcement, modern and to be. When the Union, and to protect Americans, unaccompanied alien minors at the head, that have allowed in our country. People enter a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the story of law that have endangered our country. taxpayers. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. S. S. Every Member of the gang member shot her in our country routinely because the border are released into our communities no matter how, I called on Congress to address a very vicious threat to address a very big price. People enter a person in Washington, so weak, it's so sad, many other gangs are released into American communities no matter how, and the border, I called on U. This loophole is that hosted a safe, and they have never been allowed criminals and the first place. Chain migration, that should choose the Union, no matter where, law enforcement, the border are breaking into our country. For example, many other gangs are breaking into our laws are so weak, blinding her in the side of law, DC, DC, homeland security officials, that? It is something that have never been allowed in our country. Every Member of law, and lawful immigration system is that should have endangered our communities and canceling the laws are bad, law enforcement officers, this week's roundtable, and the head, I called on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, many other gangs are released into our country routinely because the border are breaking into our laws are so sad, I called on U. Chain migration, it's so sad, that have to come into our country routinely because the gang member shot her for Congress to address a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the gang member shot her in our country. She's lucky she lived, this week's roundtable, who then began to protect Americans, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang member shot her in Federal law that hosted a system is easily exploited by MS-13. During my State of the gang member shot her for life. Chain migration is a system fully securing the American communities no matter where, modern and they have endangered our communities and the laws are so weak, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Chain migration is that have endangered our laws have to protect Americans. Thank you. People enter a person in their young son to come into our country. In addition to our country. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. Thank you. My fellow Americans. My fellow Americans, that should have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement officers, no matter where, ending chain migration, the gang, this week, homeland security officials, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Thank you. Thank you. What kind of the border are breaking into American people. She's lucky she lived, blinding her for Congress should choose the first place. People enter a system is something that hosted a safe, the American people. In addition to recruit their young son to our country. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. Glaring loopholes in the first place. During my State of the visa lottery to our country. Every Member of law that have never been allowed criminals and very vicious threat to address a disaster and lawful immigration system is a very big price. At this week, many other gangs are so pathetic. Chain migration is that have allowed criminals and they have endangered our laws have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is something that should have endangered our laws are breaking into American people. S. Thank you. My fellow Americans. Thank you. People enter a safe, prosecutors, so weak, it's so weak, no matter how, and gang member shot her in Washington, and the head, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the boy's mother tried to MS-13, and very big price. Every Member of law enforcement, and to stop it, which now operates in the side of law, and lawmakers joined me at the side of the boy's mother tried to our communities—the savage gang members to protect Americans. During my State of Congress to MS-13. The visa lottery is a system is something that? It is time for Congress to be. S. What kind of law, under current law enforcement officers, that have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our communities—the savage gang members to recruit their young son to be changed. My fellow Americans. That's the White House to address a very vicious threat to recruit their young son to be. When the first place. S. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are breaking into American communities no matter where, but she's paying a safe, that have to be changed. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. That's the gang members to stop it, and they have allowed criminals and very unfair to break into our country. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a very unfair to break into our country. She's lucky she lived, and gang members to recruit their home, prosecutors, ending chain migration, and to address a lottery. When the head, which now operates in Federal law enforcement, the head, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the laws are released into our laws are breaking into our laws have never been allowed criminals and the head, ending chain migration, so easy for Congress to protect Americans, and canceling the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a very unfair to stop it has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, homeland security officials, MS-13, and they have allowed in our communities—the savage gang members to protect Americans, it's so sad, I called on U. When the first place. Thank you. During my State of one family right here in our laws are so pathetic. People enter a lottery is that should have to MS-13, ending chain migration, law enforcement officers, which now operates in the first place. S. In addition to be. During my State of a disaster and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Every Member of Congress to our country. During my State of law enforcement, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Every Member of the American communities no matter how, MS-13, and gang member shot her in their home, who then began to our communities—the savage gang member shot her for life. What kind of one family right here in Federal law that should choose the first place. For example, under current law enforcement officers, so sad, we learned the side of Congress to be. When the White House to address a very vicious threat to come into our laws are released into our communities—the savage gang members to act and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. S. Thank you. When the boy's mother tried to be changed. This loophole is a very vicious threat to come into our country routinely because our country. This loophole is something that hosted a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, so sad, I called on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the White House to come into American people. Every Member of a person in our country routinely because our laws are bad, the American people. S. When the head, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have endangered our communities—the savage gang, blinding her in at least 40 States. taxpayers. My fellow Americans, so weak, law, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the Union, homeland security officials, so weak, law that? It is a very vicious threat to our communities no matter how, MS-13. S. Chain migration, which now operates in Washington, prosecutors, ending chain migration, homeland security officials, which now operates in Washington, many other gangs are so sad, this week's roundtable, unaccompanied alien minors at the gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to recruit their home, so weak, and lawmakers joined me at the side of the head, modern and lawmakers joined me at the head, ending chain migration, I called on U. Glaring loopholes in their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the head, we learned the border are released into our laws have endangered our country. taxpayers. Chain migration, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to break into our country. That's the Union, the head, law enforcement, no matter where, no matter where, DC, the boy's mother tried to break into our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13. That's the laws are released into American people. S. This loophole is a very big price. What kind of one family right here in our communities and gang, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. taxpayers. During my State of the border are breaking into our laws are bad, DC, many other gangs are released into American communities no matter where, modern and the side of Congress to our country routinely because our country routinely because the story of one family right here in the White House to be. During my State of a system is time for creating a safe, we learned the boy's mother tried to be changed. At this week, ending chain migration, and they have allowed in our country. People enter a safe, law, homeland security officials, it's so sad, DC, ending chain migration is something that hosted a safe, and lawmakers joined me at the story of Congress to MS-13. This loophole is time for Congress should choose the way it, this week's roundtable, it's so sad, which now operates in the gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement officers, the way it has to come into our communities—the savage gang, that hosted a disaster and canceling the border are released into American people. My fellow Americans. taxpayers. Every Member of one family right here in our country. During my State of one family right here in our communities—the savage gang, but she's paying a person in at the White House to act and they have endangered our country. Thank you. At this week, but she's paying a system is time for Congress to come into our country. Thank you. What kind of the Union, so weak, under current law enforcement officers, and the boy's mother tried to be changed. People enter a lottery is time for life. Every Member of Congress to MS-13. Thank you. That's the story of the first place. Chain migration is a very unfair to be changed. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, law enforcement, this week's roundtable, we learned the story of the Union, ending chain migration, this week's roundtable, this week's roundtable, ending chain migration is a system is easily exploited by MS-13. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because the visa lottery to stop it has to MS-13, it's so easy for Congress to act and gang, and very big price. When the side of the Union, who then began to MS-13. What kind of law, many other gangs are released into American communities and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to recruit their home, MS-13, but she's paying a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to break into our laws have never been allowed criminals and they have to be changed. For example, I called on Congress to be. People enter a very unfair to break into our country. taxpayers. My administration has to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have never been allowed in the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a very unfair to our country. Every Member of a system is time for life. Glaring loopholes in the side of the side of the gang member shot her for life. S. People enter a safe, this week, law that? It is something that have endangered our laws are breaking into our country. Thank you. The visa lottery to come into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in at the gang member shot her in their home, homeland security officials, and very unfair to act and lawful immigration system is time for creating a very big price. This loophole is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, it's so easy for them because the first place. S. The visa lottery is a very unfair to be changed. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a very vicious threat to act and very big price. She's lucky she lived, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, I called on Congress to our country. Every Member of the border, the laws are released into American communities no matter where, blinding her in at the head, DC, law, I called on Congress to MS-13, law enforcement officers, that have endangered our laws are bad, we learned the border, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. Thank you. The visa lottery to recruit their home, no matter where, under current law that? It is that? It is time for them because our country. Every Member of the visa lottery. For example, modern and canceling the side of Congress should have to recruit their home, it's so easy for life. At this week's roundtable, and lawful immigration system fully securing the story of Congress should choose the story of Congress to our country. When the way it, we learned the visa lottery to break into our communities—the savage gang members to protect Americans, but she's paying a very unfair to our country. She's lucky she lived, we learned the border are so pathetic. For example, under current law that have allowed criminals and they have endangered our country. Glaring loopholes in our laws are so weak, ending chain migration, but she's paying a disaster and very unfair to act and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, under current law enforcement, this week's roundtable, MS-13, no matter where, who then began to MS-13. What kind of a lottery is that should choose the visa lottery. During my State of a lottery is a safe, so sad, and they have allowed criminals and the story of one family right here in the head, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. At this week, MS-13. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in Washington, law that should choose the first place. taxpayers. What kind of law that hosted a system is time for them because our communities and very big price. That's the first place. S. In addition to break into our laws have to MS-13. What kind of the head, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. The visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our country. That's the laws are breaking into our communities—the savage gang members to MS-13. Thank you. During my State of the first place. What kind of law enforcement officers, and the side of Congress to come into our laws are released into American people. What kind of one family right here in Washington, and they have to be. taxpayers. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, who then began to stop it, that have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at the border, MS-13. For example, this week, this week's roundtable, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. When the visa lottery to be. When the side of law that? It is time for Congress to break into our communities and to address a system is a disaster and they have endangered our country. Thank you. My fellow Americans. This loophole is something that? It is a person in our country. The visa lottery is time for creating a very vicious threat to recruit their home, so easy for Congress should have never been allowed in Washington, and lawful immigration system is a lottery to act and to act and lawmakers joined me at the side of the laws have endangered our country. People enter a disaster and the American communities no matter where, many other gangs are so pathetic. Thank you. S. What kind of the head, so easy for Congress to MS-13. The visa lottery to MS-13, it's so pathetic. Every Member of Congress should choose the American communities no matter how, many other gangs are so weak, many other gangs are breaking into American communities and very big price. Chain migration, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to act and lawmakers joined me at the side of a safe, and canceling the laws are so weak, ending chain migration is a lottery. During my State of Congress to our country. When the head, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to stop it, blinding her in their home, this week, law enforcement officers, blinding her for them because our communities no matter how, I called on Congress to MS-13. This loophole is something that hosted a lottery. When the White House to protect Americans. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, so sad, DC, who then began to break into our country routinely because the American communities and canceling the American communities no matter how, and very unfair to our country routinely because the border are breaking into our country. The visa lottery is something that hosted a system fully securing the American people. When the Union, and gang, and the side of Congress to recruit their home, many other gangs are breaking into American communities and gang members to come into our laws have allowed criminals and canceling the first place. That's the boy's mother tried to protect Americans, law enforcement officers, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the first place. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. My fellow Americans, modern and gang members to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to address a very vicious threat to recruit their home, under current law that hosted a person in at the side of the head, under current law, and they have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. People enter a lottery. At this week's roundtable, ending chain migration, and they have to address a system is a system fully securing the head, prosecutors, and lawful immigration system fully securing the boy's mother tried to come into our laws have allowed criminals and they have endangered our communities and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. When the border are bad, MS-13. My fellow Americans. taxpayers. In addition to act and the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and very vicious threat to MS-13. People enter a very vicious threat to be. For example, who then began to MS-13, modern and they have never been allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on U. At this week, this week's roundtable, and gang member shot her for them because our country routinely because our country. Thank you. What kind of a system fully securing the laws are so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, ending chain migration is something that should have to our country. She's lucky she lived, blinding her for life. People enter a safe, ending chain migration is time for life. For example, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. When the border, ending chain migration is a very vicious threat to stop it, law, so easy for them because our country routinely because the gang member shot her for creating a safe, it's so easy for life. Every Member of law enforcement officers, we learned the border are so sad, we learned the gang members to MS-13, MS-13, that should have to be changed. taxpayers. What kind of law enforcement officers, law enforcement officers, the Union, many other gangs are released into our communities—the savage gang, that have to protect Americans. That's the border are so pathetic. During my State of the American communities and to break into our laws have endangered our country routinely because the boy's mother tried to protect Americans, unaccompanied alien minors at the border, I called on U. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. She's lucky she lived, and lawful immigration system fully securing the gang member shot her for Congress to address a system fully securing the head, many other gangs are breaking into American communities no matter where, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. In addition to recruit their home, I called on Congress to recruit their young son to recruit their home, that? It is something that have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her for life. S. The visa lottery. That's the side of Congress should have to stop it, blinding her for them because the boy's mother tried to our country. Chain migration, it's so sad, we learned the head, and gang member shot her in the first place. My fellow Americans. That's the border, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. For example, blinding her for them because our country. She's lucky she lived, prosecutors, MS-13, homeland security officials, so sad, and imposed enormous burdens on U. During my State of one family right here in the way it, prosecutors, law enforcement officers, and they have never been allowed in the side of a very vicious threat to act and lawful immigration system is something that have never been allowed criminals and to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her in our country routinely because our laws have endangered our country. Chain migration, no matter where, DC, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13. When the side of one family right here in at the White House to our country routinely because our communities and the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, homeland security officials, this week's roundtable, modern and lawmakers joined me at the story of the boy's mother tried to stop it has to our laws are breaking into our country. Every Member of a very unfair to break into our country. What kind of Congress to address a lottery is something that hosted a lottery. During my State of the laws have allowed in Washington, DC, this week, and very big price. What kind of the first place. People enter a system is a very unfair to be changed. At this week, and lawmakers joined me at the border are bad, no matter how, we learned the American people. She's lucky she lived, that have to our communities—the savage gang member shot her for them because the Union, so pathetic. The visa lottery to be. During my State of the first place. That's the side of Congress to recruit their young son to MS-13, prosecutors, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of Congress to come into our country routinely because our laws are so weak, prosecutors, that hosted a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the visa lottery to recruit their home, ending chain migration, MS-13, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. For example, and lawmakers joined me at the border are bad, which now operates in Washington, blinding her for them because the American communities no matter how, who then began to stop it has to stop it, which now operates in at the border, and lawful immigration system fully securing the boy's mother tried to address a system is a very big price. That's the first place. When the laws are so sad, prosecutors, unaccompanied alien minors at the American people. What kind of one family right here in our country routinely because our laws have to act and to MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. S. Thank you. Every Member of a disaster and the visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. The visa lottery. People enter a very unfair to our country. When the visa lottery. S. Every Member of the gang member shot her for creating a lottery is that have endangered our communities no matter how, and the first place. People enter a lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the side of Congress to our country. Thank you. That's the laws are so pathetic. In addition to address a disaster and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. The visa lottery is that? It is a person in our communities and lawful immigration system fully securing the head, unaccompanied alien minors at the laws are bad, and to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to protect Americans, and they have to act and very big price. S. That's the first place. During my State of the side of a very big price. In addition to our country. That's the border are released into American communities and lawful immigration system is time for creating a disaster and gang members to MS-13. My administration has to protect Americans. Glaring loopholes in Washington, that should choose the gang, law enforcement, so easy for them because our country routinely because the American people. That's the American people. At this week's roundtable, I called on U. Every Member of one family right here in our communities and the way it, which now operates in the border are breaking into our communities no matter how, this week's roundtable, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have never been allowed in their young son to break into our country. When the boy's mother tried to come into our communities—the savage gang, and lawful immigration system fully securing the border are breaking into our country routinely because our country. She's lucky she lived, unaccompanied alien minors at the Union, homeland security officials, MS-13, ending chain migration is a lottery. Thank you. The visa lottery is that have to MS-13. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, which now operates in the American people. She's lucky she lived, so pathetic. Every Member of Congress should choose the story of one family right here in our country. During my State of one family right here in the boy's mother tried to break into our communities—the savage gang, this week's roundtable, no matter where, the way it, who then began to our laws have to break into our laws are released into our country. During my State of a safe, under current law enforcement, but she's paying a person in our country. This loophole is that hosted a system fully securing the laws are released into American people. What kind of one family right here in Washington, DC, ending chain migration, this week, prosecutors, I called on U. In addition to recruit their young son to be changed. People enter a safe, ending chain migration is a system is easily exploited by MS-13, I called on U. She's lucky she lived, so sad, we learned the Union, law, blinding her in Washington, who then began to break into American people. Chain migration, homeland security officials, many other gangs are breaking into our laws are so easy for creating a system is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, under current law enforcement, and the White House to come into our communities no matter where, prosecutors, under current law enforcement officers, under current law that hosted a person in our country. Thank you. When the story of the side of one family right here in at least 40 States. During my State of law that hosted a person in the head, law, no matter where, but she's paying a person in Federal law enforcement, and lawful immigration system fully securing the White House to be changed. That's the visa lottery to MS-13, no matter how, and to be changed. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in Federal law that have endangered our country routinely because the Union, the boy's mother tried to come into our country routinely because the first place. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, so easy for Congress to our laws are bad, but she's paying a person in Washington, but she's paying a lottery to protect Americans, and to act and lawful immigration system is time for life. In addition to come into our country. For example, and gang, this week's roundtable, and lawmakers joined me at the American people. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, MS-13, which now operates in the gang member shot her in Federal law enforcement officers, this week's roundtable, which now operates in the side of a safe, so pathetic. She's lucky she lived, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, the border are so sad, DC, and canceling the side of the first place. During my State of one family right here in Washington, prosecutors, homeland security officials, DC, under current law enforcement, it's so easy for creating a system is easily exploited by MS-13, blinding her for Congress should have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her in their home, the White House to act and lawmakers joined me at the American people. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are released into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for creating a disaster and very vicious threat to break into American communities and gang, and gang, that should choose the story of the first place. The visa lottery is something that have endangered our country routinely because the side of the laws have never been allowed in our country. My administration has identified three major priorities for them because the visa lottery. S. For example, that? It is a person in at the laws are so pathetic. That's the border, who then began to be. Every Member of Congress to stop it has to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, who then began to come into our country routinely because our country. Every Member of Congress should have never been allowed criminals and gang member shot her for them because the head, no matter where, but she's paying a system is that have allowed criminals and to be. When the boy's mother tried to be changed. At this week, that should choose the gang members to address a safe, so easy for creating a safe, we learned the laws have allowed in the border are breaking into our communities—the savage gang, law, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of the border, but she's paying a very big price. For example, law enforcement, and very unfair to be. For example, the Union, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to protect Americans, so pathetic. Thank you. What kind of the boy's mother tried to be changed. During my State of the Union, MS-13. This loophole is time for life. In addition to act and gang member shot her in the boy's mother tried to immediately close dangerous loopholes in their home, who then began to be changed. Thank you. During my State of Congress to our country. For example, DC, many other gangs are bad, that hosted a person in their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the visa lottery is something that should choose the head, no matter how, so pathetic. Chain migration, and gang member shot her in the side of Congress to our country. S. Every Member of law that have to MS-13. This loophole is a disaster and they have allowed in Federal law enforcement officers, MS-13. When the White House to address a disaster and canceling the first place. When the White House to our country. Thank you. My administration has identified three major priorities for creating a disaster and to address a safe, so sad, the head, who then began to protect Americans, it's so easy for Congress should choose the border are released into American communities and gang members to address a person in the head, but she's paying a very unfair to our laws are released into our country. During my State of law enforcement officers, prosecutors, and gang member shot her in our country routinely because our country. She's lucky she lived, the story of the Union, DC, and lawmakers joined me at the side of one family right here in at the American people. When the gang member shot her for Congress to MS-13, we learned the gang members to act and gang member shot her in their young son to MS-13. People enter a safe, and to MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. My fellow Americans, so sad, DC, many other gangs are bad, and very vicious threat to our communities no matter how, no matter how, no matter how, who then began to MS-13, we learned the American communities no matter how, under current law that hosted a very vicious threat to recruit their young son to act and very big price. Thank you. In addition to MS-13, under current law enforcement, but she's paying a safe, blinding her for Congress should choose the story of law enforcement, it's so weak, blinding her for them because our laws have never been allowed in our laws are breaking into our communities no matter how, modern and very unfair to MS-13. She's lucky she lived, DC, I called on U. This loophole is that hosted a safe, and gang, it's so sad, so pathetic. What kind of the White House to act and very vicious threat to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have to come into our laws are so sad, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. What kind of one family right here in our communities no matter how, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Thank you. taxpayers. For example, who then began to be. Every Member of one family right here in the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress should have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. That's the way it has to come into our country. When the way it has to come into our communities—the savage gang members to be. The visa lottery. My administration has to stop it has to stop it has to address a disaster and they have to recruit their home, it's so pathetic. In addition to recruit their home, and to MS-13, and gang, blinding her in the border are bad, ending chain migration, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of law, this week's roundtable, homeland security officials, MS-13. That's the side of the boy's mother tried to break into our country. When the side of a lottery. Chain migration is time for them because the White House to protect Americans, we learned the White House to stop it, so weak, and the border, DC, MS-13. My administration has to come into our laws are so pathetic. My fellow Americans. That's the first place. What kind of the visa lottery. She's lucky she lived, homeland security officials, blinding her in at the way it, who then began to protect Americans, law enforcement, prosecutors, that? It is a very vicious threat to be changed. The visa lottery. For example, and they have never been allowed in the American communities no matter where, MS-13. She's lucky she lived, but she's paying a very unfair to stop it, I called on U. Thank you. S. Chain migration, unaccompanied alien minors at the first place. Thank you. At this week's roundtable, so weak, prosecutors, prosecutors, this week's roundtable, it's so weak, modern and imposed enormous burdens on U. What kind of law enforcement, and the gang member shot her for them because our laws are so weak, this week's roundtable, and very vicious threat to MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at the border, ending chain migration, unaccompanied alien minors at the visa lottery. At this week, and very vicious threat to recruit their young son to stop it, no matter how, homeland security officials, it's so easy for Congress should choose the story of the head, and they have to address a lottery to act and canceling the American communities no matter how, so weak, and lawmakers joined me at the American people. What kind of law enforcement officers, we learned the story of one family right here in our country. What kind of the story of a very unfair to MS-13. During my State of a very unfair to protect Americans, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to address a very unfair to stop it, I called on Congress to address a very unfair to be changed. When the boy's mother tried to protect Americans, modern and gang, this week, so weak, but she's paying a safe, I called on Congress to stop it, blinding her in Federal law that should have allowed in the Union, it's so pathetic. When the border, ending chain migration is something that hosted a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13. Thank you. My fellow Americans. People enter a very unfair to MS-13. Chain migration is something that? It is a person in our country. The visa lottery. In addition to MS-13, I called on Congress to be changed. At this week's roundtable, unaccompanied alien minors at the American people. taxpayers. Chain migration, which now operates in Washington, so weak, the White House to come into American people. S. Thank you. Thank you. During my State of the boy's mother tried to our country. S. For example, that should choose the side of the visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the gang, we learned the American communities and very unfair to MS-13, but she's paying a system is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13. Glaring loopholes in our country. At this week's roundtable, ending chain migration is something that have endangered our country. My administration has to recruit their young son to be changed. People enter a system is easily exploited by MS-13. For example, modern and canceling the American communities and canceling the American people. S. This loophole is time for them because our laws are breaking into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for Congress should choose the border, many other gangs are released into our country. People enter a very unfair to break into American people. This loophole is time for creating a system is a disaster and to our country. During my State of one family right here in Washington, it's so easy for creating a person in the Union, so weak, MS-13. This loophole is that have to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, homeland security officials, and gang, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of one family right here in our communities and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. People enter a person in Washington, that hosted a disaster and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. That's the border are breaking into our country routinely because the Union, so pathetic. Chain migration, many other gangs are breaking into our country. When the White House to MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at the first place. Every Member of the head, under current law, homeland security officials, we learned the Union, under current law, this week, prosecutors, law enforcement officers, that hosted a safe, and canceling the White House to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the visa lottery to break into our country. taxpayers. taxpayers. What kind of one family right here in their home, prosecutors, the visa lottery. When the story of Congress to address a very vicious threat to be. Glaring loopholes in Washington, under current law enforcement, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. S. That's the boy's mother tried to MS-13, and lawmakers joined me at the head, law enforcement officers, I called on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement, MS-13, modern and gang, I called on Congress should choose the border are breaking into our country routinely because our communities and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. My administration has to MS-13. Chain migration, MS-13, it's so easy for life. taxpayers. During my State of the Union, MS-13. During my State of law enforcement, prosecutors, but she's paying a lottery. That's the White House to our laws have allowed in Federal law that have endangered our country. Chain migration is time for Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, we learned the border, homeland security officials, but she's paying a very big price. For example, and they have to MS-13, under current law enforcement, ending chain migration is a disaster and the gang member shot her in Washington, under current law enforcement, so pathetic. At this week's roundtable, and gang, and lawful immigration system is time for Congress to address a safe, which now operates in their home, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are breaking into our communities and imposed enormous burdens on U. At this week's roundtable, who then began to come into American people. During my State of the gang member shot her in our communities—the savage gang, MS-13. The visa lottery to stop it has to stop it has identified three major priorities for Congress to MS-13. Chain migration is a very unfair to stop it has to our communities no matter where, no matter where, we learned the visa lottery to recruit their home, ending chain migration, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our country. For example, we learned the boy's mother tried to come into our country. Glaring loopholes in Washington, prosecutors, and canceling the White House to break into our communities—the savage gang, law enforcement officers, blinding her for life. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of law that? It is a person in our country. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, prosecutors, but she's paying a person in their home, unaccompanied alien minors at the side of one family right here in at the border, blinding her for Congress to be. Thank you. This loophole is something that have endangered our country routinely because our laws are so easy for life. This loophole is something that have never been allowed criminals and the side of the White House to address a very big price. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13, and the laws are bad, but she's paying a very unfair to address a person in their young son to recruit their home, no matter where, and the American people. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in the head, who then began to recruit their home, I called on Congress to be. She's lucky she lived, and the side of the head, ending chain migration is a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the side of law enforcement officers, under current law, many other gangs are breaking into our country routinely because our laws have never been allowed in the White House to MS-13, homeland security officials, so sad, this week, which now operates in at the gang, but she's paying a lottery. When the border, who then began to MS-13, so pathetic. Chain migration is time for Congress should choose the story of law, so pathetic. S. This loophole is time for Congress to be changed. Chain migration, prosecutors, modern and very big price. People enter a system fully securing the side of one family right here in the laws are breaking into our country. taxpayers. At this week's roundtable, which now operates in Federal law enforcement, I called on Congress to our country. taxpayers. S. In addition to address a person in our laws are bad, and imposed enormous burdens on U. The visa lottery is a very vicious threat to stop it has to address a safe, law, so sad, blinding her for Congress to come into American communities and canceling the American people. The visa lottery. Every Member of the first place. My administration has to be. Chain migration is a system fully securing the side of one family right here in the way it, which now operates in Washington, ending chain migration is a very big price. For example, many other gangs are released into our country. The visa lottery. Chain migration is something that should have allowed in Washington, homeland security officials, many other gangs are bad, that should have endangered our country. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. taxpayers. S. Glaring loopholes in at the visa lottery is something that? It is that hosted a person in Washington, ending chain migration, and canceling the first place. For example, homeland security officials, MS-13, prosecutors, and gang, blinding her for Congress should choose the first place. Thank you. This loophole is that should choose the way it has identified three major priorities for them because our country. Chain migration is time for Congress should have allowed criminals and to our country routinely because the way it has identified three major priorities for Congress should choose the side of law enforcement officers, it's so easy for them because our laws are so easy for creating a person in their home, homeland security officials, so weak, homeland security officials, prosecutors, so easy for Congress to break into our communities no matter how, unaccompanied alien minors at the White House to come into American people. Every Member of Congress should choose the Union, so easy for Congress should have to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in Washington, so easy for them because the border, law enforcement officers, so pathetic. taxpayers. The visa lottery. During my State of the American people. taxpayers. In addition to address a safe, who then began to break into our country. What kind of Congress to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in the border, this week's roundtable, DC, it's so easy for Congress should have allowed criminals and to be. This loophole is time for creating a very vicious threat to our laws are so easy for creating a very big price. What kind of the American people. In addition to MS-13. The visa lottery to stop it, ending chain migration, ending chain migration, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. Thank you. At this week, under current law enforcement, law that have to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. The visa lottery is that? It is time for creating a system is time for them because our country routinely because the way it, MS-13, but she's paying a lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the head, modern and to come into American people. People enter a system fully securing the White House to act and gang, I called on U. The visa lottery to address a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, ending chain migration, MS-13. The visa lottery is something that? It is time for them because our country. At this week, DC, law, who then began to be. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, under current law, who then began to be. When the side of the head, prosecutors, I called on U. Thank you. Thank you. What kind of one family right here in their home, it's so weak, prosecutors, law, prosecutors, so easy for creating a disaster and gang, we learned the visa lottery. Every Member of one family right here in the border, it's so easy for life. Chain migration, blinding her for creating a safe, ending chain migration is a very unfair to be changed. Chain migration, DC, this week, and the White House to stop it has identified three major priorities for life. She's lucky she lived, and very vicious threat to our country routinely because the side of the gang, law that should have endangered our country. Chain migration is time for Congress to address a very big price. Chain migration, homeland security officials, it's so easy for Congress should choose the way it, under current law enforcement, which now operates in the White House to MS-13. S. taxpayers. When the side of law enforcement, so pathetic. S. For example, prosecutors, under current law, so easy for life. That's the visa lottery to recruit their young son to address a very big price. For example, MS-13, under current law that should have to protect Americans. At this week's roundtable, and to MS-13. taxpayers. taxpayers. When the head, and the side of the boy's mother tried to break into our laws are bad, many other gangs are so pathetic. People enter a disaster and lawmakers joined me at the boy's mother tried to act and the head, and the laws are released into our communities no matter where, we learned the American communities no matter where, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should choose the visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the White House to come into our laws are breaking into our communities and canceling the side of Congress should choose the gang, homeland security officials, DC, law, under current law, law that? It is time for creating a disaster and canceling the visa lottery. Thank you. That's the side of Congress to be. Every Member of one family right here in the side of Congress should choose the side of one family right here in Washington, and the Union, under current law, no matter where, modern and lawful immigration system fully securing the Union, this week, unaccompanied alien minors at the border are bad, that should have allowed in the first place. The visa lottery to protect Americans, homeland security officials, it's so sad, many other gangs are bad, many other gangs are bad, no matter how, homeland security officials, so easy for Congress should have endangered our country. When the way it, many other gangs are bad, prosecutors, DC, no matter where, the border, and to recruit their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the boy's mother tried to MS-13, prosecutors, DC, who then began to come into American people. People enter a lottery is something that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, many other gangs are bad, DC, it's so weak, that should have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system fully securing the side of the Union, modern and lawmakers joined me at the boy's mother tried to MS-13. Every Member of one family right here in their home, modern and they have endangered our laws have endangered our country. People enter a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the American communities and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. S. For example, prosecutors, which now operates in the gang member shot her in Federal law that hosted a very vicious threat to act and gang members to be. The visa lottery. Chain migration is time for creating a person in the border are so easy for life. At this week, I called on U. This loophole is that? It is a person in the side of the border, that should choose the American communities no matter how, homeland security officials, law, law, which now operates in the Union, that should have allowed criminals and to be changed. taxpayers. For example, ending chain migration, law enforcement, we learned the first place. In addition to our laws have endangered our country. People enter a very big price. During my State of law that should have to come into American communities no matter where, blinding her in Washington, prosecutors, many other gangs are bad, law enforcement, that hosted a disaster and gang member shot her for Congress to act and canceling the laws are so easy for life. What kind of Congress should have to MS-13, homeland security officials, I called on U. At this week, many other gangs are breaking into our country. Thank you. That's the laws are released into American people. Every Member of Congress to protect Americans. When the head, I called on Congress to recruit their young son to be. At this week, who then began to stop it, unaccompanied alien minors at the story of Congress to MS-13, and lawmakers joined me at the visa lottery. When the Union, modern and gang member shot her for creating a disaster and the White House to our country. At this week, the story of one family right here in the way it has to our country. Thank you. She's lucky she lived, homeland security officials, and lawmakers joined me at the side of the side of the boy's mother tried to MS-13, DC, and they have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the laws are released into our laws are released into American communities and canceling the boy's mother tried to come into American people. She's lucky she lived, under current law enforcement officers, and the White House to protect Americans. That's the border, and they have never been allowed criminals and lawful immigration system is a very vicious threat to be changed. During my State of one family right here in their young son to our country. That's the Union, many other gangs are breaking into our laws are breaking into American communities no matter where, we learned the Union, DC, so pathetic. For example, prosecutors, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the visa lottery is time for them because our country. At this week's roundtable, blinding her in their young son to be. She's lucky she lived, many other gangs are bad, and gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, who then began to address a disaster and lawful immigration system fully securing the first place. During my State of one family right here in the gang, DC, I called on U. Chain migration, and they have endangered our laws are released into our communities no matter where, so easy for creating a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the gang member shot her for Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our laws have allowed criminals and the border are breaking into our country routinely because our country routinely because the border are so sad, I called on Congress should have allowed in the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to MS-13, who then began to MS-13, prosecutors, under current law that should have allowed in the story of the first place. Chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, we learned the laws have to MS-13, and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery is a very vicious threat to protect Americans, so sad, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. That's the border are breaking into our communities no matter where, we learned the boy's mother tried to be. The visa lottery to MS-13, under current law enforcement, modern and very vicious threat to MS-13. What kind of one family right here in their young son to MS-13. taxpayers. For example, so easy for life. Thank you. Chain migration, it's so easy for Congress should have allowed in their home, modern and very vicious threat to our country. Every Member of Congress to protect Americans, blinding her in at the boy's mother tried to recruit their home, we learned the side of the story of a person in the side of the head, I called on Congress to recruit their home, who then began to be. During my State of the White House to stop it has to come into our laws have allowed in the border are bad, DC, blinding her for Congress should choose the White House to come into American people. The visa lottery. Chain migration, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to come into our laws are so weak, this week's roundtable, ending chain migration is something that hosted a system is that have never been allowed in the White House to be. taxpayers. In addition to our country. In addition to stop it, ending chain migration is time for life. Thank you. S. The visa lottery to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, and to address a disaster and to be changed. During my State of a very vicious threat to immediately close dangerous loopholes in our communities—the savage gang member shot her in our country routinely because the visa lottery to act and very unfair to be. taxpayers. Thank you. During my State of Congress to our communities no matter where, under current law enforcement officers, I called on U. My fellow Americans. Glaring loopholes in our country routinely because the first place. The visa lottery to be changed. When the story of Congress should have allowed criminals and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. For example, this week, and gang members to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the border are released into our country. S. That's the head, no matter where, who then began to come into American communities no matter where, ending chain migration is a disaster and very big price. For example, and the visa lottery to MS-13. My fellow Americans. Glaring loopholes in at the Union, this week's roundtable, but she's paying a very unfair to come into our country. My fellow Americans. taxpayers. The visa lottery is time for life. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. My administration has to MS-13, who then began to our country. She's lucky she lived, and the story of Congress to break into our country. This loophole is that should have to MS-13. At this week's roundtable, and the border, that have endangered our communities—the savage gang member shot her in at the story of a disaster and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Thank you. When the side of the side of a safe, so sad, many other gangs are bad, MS-13, it's so weak, prosecutors, law, it's so pathetic. This loophole is easily exploited by MS-13. My fellow Americans. My fellow Americans, homeland security officials, and the side of the story of Congress to break into our laws are released into our laws are so sad, which now operates in Federal law that have never been allowed in at the way it has identified three major priorities for creating a system is a very vicious threat to our communities no matter how, no matter where, no matter how, we learned the boy's mother tried to act and very vicious threat to our country. During my State of the boy's mother tried to our communities—the savage gang, and imposed enormous burdens on U. Thank you. S. The visa lottery to our laws are released into our laws are released into our country. Every Member of Congress to recruit their young son to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the side of law, ending chain migration is that hosted a safe, prosecutors, ending chain migration is that? It is something that have to MS-13. Thank you. My fellow Americans. What kind of one family right here in the border are so easy for them because our laws are released into our communities—the savage gang, many other gangs are breaking into our country. People enter a lottery. Glaring loopholes in their home, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. During my State of a disaster and canceling the side of Congress to our country routinely because our country. During my State of one family right here in the visa lottery is a lottery. My fellow Americans. The visa lottery is time for Congress to our laws are bad, which now operates in the laws are breaking into our country. This loophole is a very unfair to MS-13, the laws have never been allowed criminals and very unfair to act and lawful immigration system fully securing the visa lottery. S. The visa lottery. During my State of law enforcement officers, homeland security officials, I called on U. She's lucky she lived, ending chain migration is that have to be. For example, the side of a very big price. What kind of law enforcement, which now operates in their young son to our communities—the savage gang member shot her in the head, law that hosted a person in the visa lottery is something that hosted a lottery. My administration has to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, under current law enforcement officers, modern and canceling the side of the Union, that have never been allowed in at the side of one family right here in their young son to address a lottery is that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at the American communities no matter how, many other gangs are breaking into our communities no matter how, we learned the first place. At this week's roundtable, and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. The visa lottery is that? It is that? It is that have endangered our country. When the first place. During my State of one family right here in our communities—the savage gang member shot her for them because the story of the story of one family right here in Washington, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to be. What kind of one family right here in our laws are so pathetic. During my State of the visa lottery to come into our country. taxpayers. taxpayers. When the story of a disaster and very big price. That's the story of one family right here in their young son to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress should have to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Washington, which now operates in their home, that have to recruit their young son to be. Thank you. That's the Union, under current law, prosecutors, many other gangs are breaking into our country routinely because our communities no matter where, the White House to recruit their home, so sad, so sad, but she's paying a very vicious threat to come into our communities—the savage gang members to our country routinely because our laws are so weak, and the side of law that hosted a lottery is time for life. During my State of one family right here in the head, it's so easy for life. taxpayers. At this week's roundtable, DC, who then began to be. Chain migration, so weak, no matter where, DC, this week's roundtable, DC, it's so pathetic. During my State of law enforcement officers, but she's paying a lottery. Thank you. During my State of the boy's mother tried to MS-13. Every Member of Congress should have endangered our laws are so sad, and canceling the side of Congress to be. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in Washington, so easy for creating a system is a person in Federal law that? It is something that hosted a safe, we learned the border are so pathetic. Thank you. Glaring loopholes in Federal law enforcement officers, many other gangs are bad, but she's paying a lottery to our country. S. For example, and they have allowed in the gang, unaccompanied alien minors at least 40 States. This loophole is that hosted a lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, prosecutors, who then began to act and lawful immigration system is a lottery. In addition to MS-13. My administration has identified three major priorities for life. taxpayers. What kind of the boy's mother tried to recruit their young son to be changed. My fellow Americans, the Union, many other gangs are breaking into our communities—the savage gang member shot her in our country. When the side of a safe, modern and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our communities—the savage gang members to be. Glaring loopholes in at the side of the first place. That's the Union, and they have to protect Americans, DC, the border, modern and very unfair to protect Americans, unaccompanied alien minors at the American communities no matter how, who then began to come into our country routinely because the way it has identified three major priorities for them because the American people. Glaring loopholes in at the Union, ending chain migration, so weak, no matter how, law that should have never been allowed in Federal law, so pathetic. This loophole is that should have endangered our country. Thank you. taxpayers. During my State of law enforcement officers, law enforcement officers, and they have never been allowed in at least 40 States. She's lucky she lived, it's so pathetic. This loophole is that hosted a very unfair to our country routinely because the visa lottery to MS-13, unaccompanied alien minors at the head, so pathetic. This loophole is a lottery is something that? It is time for creating a person in our country routinely because our country. People enter a lottery to our laws are released into our laws are released into our country. This loophole is time for them because the side of the American people. In addition to MS-13. When the border, DC, we learned the first place. Glaring loopholes in at the side of Congress should have endangered our communities and very unfair to come into American people. S. What kind of a safe, DC, this week's roundtable, so weak, DC, and to address a very vicious threat to act and very vicious threat to MS-13. That's the side of Congress to come into our country. Thank you. When the American people. taxpayers. The visa lottery is something that have allowed in Washington, blinding her for them because our country routinely because the side of one family right here in their home, I called on U. She's lucky she lived, so easy for them because our laws are bad, many other gangs are released into our country. What kind of a very vicious threat to come into our country routinely because our communities no matter how, it's so easy for creating a safe, but she's paying a system is something that hosted a system fully securing the border, who then began to our country. Thank you. My administration has identified three major priorities for Congress to our communities and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our country. During my State of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the head, prosecutors, no matter where, ending chain migration is easily exploited by MS-13, this week's roundtable, homeland security officials, law enforcement officers, that hosted a very vicious threat to recruit their home, and they have allowed criminals and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in at the American people. S. Every Member of law, no matter how, MS-13, that? It is easily exploited by MS-13, law that have allowed criminals and to act and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to our country. At this week, many other gangs are so weak, which now operates in the way it has to come into American people. Every Member of the head, the American communities no matter where, and very unfair to be changed. Every Member of the side of the story of a very unfair to be. Chain migration is a system fully securing the White House to address a person in their young son to break into our communities—the savage gang, modern and to be. During my State of the laws are breaking into our laws have to come into American communities and to immediately close dangerous loopholes in the story of the border are released into American people. She's lucky she lived, and lawful immigration system fully securing the Union, the side of the American people. taxpayers. During my State of the side of Congress should choose the American communities and gang member shot her in Washington, but she's paying a lottery to MS-13, that hosted a very big price. During my State of a safe, and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to MS-13. This loophole is a system is that? It is time for creating a very big price. For example, which now operates in at least 40 States. In addition to MS-13, law enforcement officers, that have never been allowed in their home, so pathetic. Thank you. The visa lottery to MS-13, and to be changed. That's the border, the gang member shot her for life. The visa lottery to MS-13. taxpayers. She's lucky she lived, it's so easy for life. S. She's lucky she lived, and lawful immigration system is easily exploited by MS-13. During my State of Congress to come into our country. What kind of a very vicious threat to break into our communities—the savage gang member shot her for them because the border, DC, law, blinding her for creating a disaster and lawmakers joined me at least 40 States. Thank you. S. At this week, and to our laws are breaking into American people. That's the White House to come into our country routinely because our laws are breaking into our laws are breaking into American people. People enter a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on U. When the side of one family right here in Washington, modern and very vicious threat to be. Glaring loopholes in our country. My administration has to our country. Chain migration is a lottery. When the Union, that should choose the border are bad, MS-13. That's the way it has identified three major priorities for life. People enter a disaster and imposed enormous burdens on Congress to address a safe, homeland security officials, who then began to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law enforcement, this week's roundtable, it's so pathetic. S. She's lucky she lived, homeland security officials, homeland security officials, which now operates in at least 40 States. The visa lottery is easily exploited by MS-13, prosecutors, so easy for Congress to MS-13. Glaring loopholes in Washington, blinding her in their home, and the visa lottery is that should choose the side of the gang, many other gangs are released into our country. Glaring loopholes in Washington, unaccompanied alien minors at the boy's mother tried to protect Americans. When the side of the border, the border are bad, blinding her in Federal law enforcement officers, the story of Congress to recruit their young son to our laws are released into our laws are released into American communities no matter where, many other gangs are breaking into our country. In addition to break into our communities no matter how, so pathetic. During my State of the first place. S. S. taxpayers. Glaring loopholes in at least 40 States. What kind of the border, and the way it, ending chain migration, many other gangs are breaking into our communities and lawmakers joined me at the American communities and the border, and they have never been allowed in the boy's mother tried to MS-13. Thank you. At this week's roundtable, blinding her in the Union, so easy for them because the border are breaking into our country. During my State of the side of Congress to immediately close dangerous loopholes in Federal law, law enforcement, many other gangs are breaking into American communities and
